Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain OfficersAppointment of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsEffective May 12, 2016, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (“AMD” or the “Company”) appointed John E. Caldwell as Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the “NCG”). Mr. Caldwell, 66, has served on the Board since October 2006. Mr. Caldwell will receive an annual cash retainer of $112,500 for his services as Chairman of the Board, $10,000 for his services as Chair of the NCG, $10,000 for his services as a member of the NCG and $20,000 for his services as a member of the Audit and Finance Committee. Mr. Caldwell will also receive an annual restricted stock unit award with a grant value of $277,500. Outside director compensation is described in the Company’s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2016 (the “Proxy”).Mr. Caldwell replaces Mr. Bruce L. Claflin who will continue to serve on the Board as an independent director and receive the applicable outside director compensation as described in the Proxy.Mr. Caldwell replaces Ms. Nora M. Denzel as Chairman of the NCG. Ms. Denzel replaces Mr. Caldwell as Chair of the Compensation and Leadership Resources Committee and will continue to receive the applicable outside director compensation as described in the Proxy.Appointment of Certain OfficersEffective May 12, 2016, the Company appointed Darla M. Smith as Chief Accounting Officer. Ms. Smith, 50, joined the Company in January 2006 and has served as Corporate Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller since January 2013. Ms. Smith was appointed Assistant Treasurer in March 2014 and has provided oversight for the Tax and Treasury functions since June 2015. From March 2010 until January 2013, Ms. Smith served as Corporate Vice President of Finance, Global Business Units and Technology and Engineering where she was responsible for partnering with operations to drive Company results. Prior to this, Ms. Smith served as the Assistant Corporate Controller. Ms. Smith holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and a master’s degree in business administration. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits(d) Exhibits.Exhibit No. Description99.1Press Release Announcing Board Member John Caldwell’s Appointment as Chairman of AMD Board of Directors dated May 12, 2016SIGNATUREPursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 12, 2016ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By:/s/ Harry A. Wolin Name:Harry A. Wolin Title:Senior Vice President and General Counsel EX-99.1 2 ex991bodchairpressrelease.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 SEC Exhibit Media ContactDrew Prairie512-602-4425drew.prairie@amd.comInvestor ContactRuth Cotter408-749-3887ruth.cotter@amd.com Board Member John Caldwell Appointed as Chairman of AMD Board of DirectorsSUNNYVALE, Calif. - May 12, 2016 - AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Board member John Caldwell as Chairman. Caldwell succeeds Bruce Claflin as Chairman of the Board. Claflin has been Chairman of the Board since March 2009 and will continue to serve as an AMD Board member.“I am honored to be named chairman of AMD’s Board,” said John Caldwell. “It is an exciting time to be part of AMD as we execute on our transformative strategy - bringing innovative products to market and delivering increased value to our shareholders. On behalf of our Board of Directors, I would like to recognize Bruce Claflin for his leadership and for his continuing contribution to our company.” Caldwell joined AMD’s Board in 2006 and has held a variety of Committee positions including most recently Compensation and Leadership Resources Committee Chair and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee membership. Caldwell brings extensive board and executive level experience. In his career, he has served as a CEO of three technology companies and been on the board of seven public technology companies. About AMDFor more than 45 years AMD has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies ― the building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the datacenter. Hundreds of millions of consumers, leading Fortune 500 businesses, and cutting-edge scientific research facilities around the world rely on AMD technology daily to improve how they live, work, and play. AMD employees around the world are focused on building great products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how AMD is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) website, blog, Facebook and Twitter pages. —30— AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.