Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d) Exhibits.Exhibit No. Description99.1Press release dated July 3, 2017.SIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.Date: July 3, 2017ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.By:/s/ Harry A. WolinName:Harry A. WolinTitle:Senior Vice President and General Counsel EX-99.1 2 talwalkarpressreleasefinal.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit NEWS RELEASEContact:Sarah Youngbauer AMD Communications(512) 602-3028sarah.youngbauer@amd.com Laura GravesAMD Investor Relations(408) 749-5467laura.graves@amd.com AMD Appoints Abhi Y. Talwalkar to Board of DirectorsSUNNYVALE, Calif. — July 3, 2017 — AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) today announced the appointment of Abhi Y. Talwalkar, 53, to its board of directors. With a 32-year career in technology, Talwalkar brings a deep knowledge of the semiconductor industry. Talwalkar was president and chief executive officer of LSI Corporation from May 2005 until the completion of LSI’s merger with Avago Technologies in May 2014. Prior to LSI Corporation, Talwalkar held a number of senior management roles at Intel Corporation over the course of 12 years, including corporate vice president and co-general manager of the Digital Enterprise Group and vice president and general manager of the Intel Enterprise Platform Group. Previously in his career, Talwalkar held various engineering and marketing positions at Sequent Computer Systems, Bipolar Integrated Technology, Inc., and Lattice Semiconductor, Inc. “Abhi’s extensive experience provides him with unique perspectives and insights that make him a great addition to the AMD board of directors,” said John Caldwell, AMD chairman of the board. Talwalkar holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Oregon State University. He previously served as a board member of the Semiconductor Industry Association and LSI Corporation, and he was a member of the U.S. delegation for World Semiconductor Council proceedings. He currently serves on the boards of Lam Research Corporation, iRhythm Technologies, Inc., and TE Connectivity. About AMDFor more than 45 years AMD has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies - the building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the datacenter. Hundreds of millions of consumers, leading Fortune 500 businesses, and cutting-edge scientific research facilities around the world rely on AMD technology daily to improve how they live, work, and play. AMD employees around the world are focused on building great products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how AMD is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) website, blog, Facebook and Twitter pages.—30— AMD, the AMD Arrow logo and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.