Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Apple Inc. (the “Company” or “Apple”) previously adopted, subject to shareholder approval, the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan (the “2022 Plan”). Apple’s shareholders approved the 2022 Plan at the Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on March 4, 2022 (the “Annual Meeting”). Apple’s grant authority under the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan (the “2014 Plan”) will terminate after the 2022 Plan is registered on Form S-8. The 2022 Plan, which became effective upon shareholder approval, permits the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock grants and restricted stock units. Employees and consultants of Apple and its subsidiaries are eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan. The maximum number of shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2022 Plan will equal: • 510 million shares, plus • the number of shares available for new award grants under the 2014 Plan on the date of the Annual Meeting, plus • the number of any shares subject to stock options granted under the 2014 Plan and outstanding as of the date of the Annual Meeting which expire or terminate after the Annual Meeting, plus • two times the number of shares subject to restricted stock units (“RSUs”) or restricted awards granted under the 2014 Plan that are outstanding as of the date of the Annual Meeting that are forfeited or terminated or with respect to which shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations after the date of the Annual Meeting. The maximum number of shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2022 Plan as a result of applying the share limit formula described above will not exceed 1,274,374,682 shares. Shares issued with respect to full-value awards (RSUs or restricted stock awards) granted under the 2022 Plan are counted against the 2022 Plan’s aggregate share limit as two shares for every one share actually issued in connection with the full-value award. The 2022 Plan also includes other rules for counting shares against the share limits. The foregoing brief description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the 2022 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Grants under the 2022 Plan may be evidenced by entry into the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Performance Award Agreement under the 2022 Plan, forms of which are filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. The Annual Meeting was held on March 4, 2022. At the Annual Meeting, Apple’s shareholders voted on the following ten proposals and cast their votes as described below. 1. The individuals listed below were elected at the Annual Meeting to serve as directors of Apple until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified: For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote James Bell 9,592,631,863 75,189,711 34,172,422 3,360,214,513 Tim Cook 9,504,951,515 179,216,057 17,826,424 3,360,214,513 Al Gore 8,868,389,175 794,210,797 39,394,024 3,360,214,513 Alex Gorsky 8,953,921,820 712,234,573 35,837,603 3,360,214,513 Andrea Jung 8,627,809,656 1,032,432,390 41,751,950 3,360,214,513 Art Levinson 8,971,086,986 696,491,723 34,415,287 3,360,214,513 Monica Lozano 9,598,142,509 69,997,728 33,853,759 3,360,214,513 Ron Sugar 8,614,503,163 1,050,063,179 37,427,654 3,360,214,513 Sue Wagner 9,345,991,079 313,316,460 42,686,457 3,360,214,513 2. A management proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Apple’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2022 was approved. For Against Abstained 12,872,446,315 149,619,462 40,142,732 3. An advisory resolution to approve executive compensation was approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 6,211,599,020 3,435,137,681 55,257,295 3,360,214,513 4. A management proposal to approve the 2022 Plan was approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 9,377,995,041 286,025,295 37,973,660 3,360,214,513 5. A shareholder proposal entitled “Reincorporate with Deeper Purpose” was not approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 297,301,070 9,290,944,230 113,748,696 3,360,214,513 6. A shareholder proposal entitled “Transparency Reports” was not approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 3,042,933,417 6,545,878,624 113,181,955 3,360,214,513 7. A shareholder proposal entitled “Report on Forced Labor” was not approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 3,225,431,798 6,341,269,524 135,292,674 3,360,214,513 8. A shareholder proposal entitled “Pay Equity” was not approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 3,231,073,170 6,372,272,757 98,648,069 3,360,214,513 9. A shareholder proposal entitled “Civil Rights Audit” was approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 5,125,278,012 4,445,469,491 131,246,493 3,360,214,513 10. A shareholder proposal entitled “Report on Concealment Clauses” was approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 4,784,964,717 4,777,582,306 139,446,973 3,360,214,513 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. ExhibitNo. Description 10.1 2022 Employee Stock Plan. 10.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022. 10.3 Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: March 4, 2022 Apple Inc. By: /s/ Katherine Adams Katherine Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary EX-10.1 2 d294699dex101.htm EX-10.1 EX-10.1 Exhibit 10.1 APPLE INC. 2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN SECTION 1. INTRODUCTION. This 2022 Employee Stock Plan was approved by the Company’s shareholders on March 4, 2022 (the “Approval Date”). The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of shareholder value by offering Participants the opportunity to share in such long-term success by acquiring a proprietary interest in the Company. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for discretionary long-term incentive Awards in the form of Options (which may be ISOs or NSOs), SARs, Stock Grants, or Restricted Stock Units. Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Section 2 unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Award Agreement. SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS. (a) “2014 Plan” means the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan, as amended and restated as of October 1, 2017. (b) “Applicable Laws” means all applicable corporate, securities, tax, labor and exchange control laws, rules, regulations and requirements relating to the administration of stock plans, including, but not limited to, all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted, and the applicable securities, tax, labor and exchange control laws, rules, regulations or requirements of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan or where Participants reside or provide services, as such laws, rules, regulations and requirements shall be in place from time to time. (c) “Award” means an Option, SAR, Stock Grant, or Restricted Stock Unit. (d) “Award Agreement” means any Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement, or Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Award Agreements shall consist of either (1) a written award agreement in a form approved by the Committee and executed by the Company by an officer duly authorized to act on its behalf, or (2) an electronic notice of award grant in a form approved by the Committee and recorded by the Company (or its designee) in an electronic recordkeeping system used for the purpose of tracking award grants under the Plan generally, as the Committee may provide and, in each case and if required by the Committee, executed or otherwise electronically accepted by the recipient of the Award in such form and manner as the Committee may require. The Committee may authorize any officer of the Company (other than the particular Award recipient) to execute any or all Award Agreements on behalf of the Company. (e) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company. (f) “Cashless Exercise” means, to the extent that an Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by Applicable Laws, one or both of (i) a program approved by the Committee in which payment of the aggregate Exercise Price and/or satisfaction of any applicable Tax-Related Items may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form prescribed by the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Shares subject to a vested Option and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company, or (ii) allowing a vested Option to be exercised by the Participant irrevocably instructing the Company to withhold a number of Shares subject to the Option having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the sum of (x) the product of (A) the Exercise Price multiplied by (B) the number of Shares in respect of which the Option shall have been exercised, plus (y) any applicable Tax-Related Items. 1 (g) “Change of Control” means any merger, combination, consolidation, or other reorganization in which the Company does not survive (or does not survive as a public company in respect of its Common Stock); any exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company in which the Company does not survive (or does not survive as a public company in respect of its Common Stock); a sale of all or substantially all the business, stock or assets of the Company; a dissolution of the Company; or any other event in which the Company does not survive (or does not survive as a public company in respect of its Common Stock). For the avoidance of doubt, a transaction shall not constitute a “Change of Control” if it is effected for the purpose of changing the place of incorporation or form of organization of the Parent where substantially all of the persons who are beneficial owners of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction will beneficially own, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the combined voting power in the election of directors of the Parent resulting from such transaction. (h) “Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. (i) “Committee” has the meaning given to such term in Section 3. (j) “Common Stock” means the Company’s common stock, $0.00001 par value per Share. (k) “Company” means Apple Inc., a California corporation. (l) “Consultant” means an individual who provides bona fide services to the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary, other than as an Employee or a Director. (m) “Director” means a member of the Board. (n) “Disability” means that the Participant is classified as disabled under the long-term disability policy of the Company or, if no such policy applies, the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months; provided, however, that with respect to an Option intended to qualify as an ISO, “Disability” shall mean a “permanent and total disability” within the meaning of Code Section 22(e)(3) and with respect to the distribution of non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A upon or by reference to a “Disability” shall mean a “Disability” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. (o) “Employee” means any individual who provides services as an employee of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary (including any Director that is also an Employee). (p) “Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (q) “Exercise Price” means, in the case of an Option, the amount for which a Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Option Agreement. “Exercise Price,” in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value at the time such SAR is exercised in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. (r) “Fair Market Value” means, unless otherwise determined or provided by the Committee in the circumstances, the closing price (in regular trading) for a Share on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) for the date in question or, if no sales of Common Stock were reported on the Nasdaq on that date, the last price (in regular trading) for a Share on the Nasdaq for the last preceding day on which sales of Common Stock were reported on the Nasdaq. The Committee may, however, provide with respect to one or more Awards that the Fair Market Value shall equal the last price for a Share on the Nasdaq on the last trading day preceding the date in question or the average of the high and low trading prices of a Share on the Nasdaq for the date in question or the most recent trading day. If the Common Stock is no longer listed or is no longer actively traded on the Nasdaq as of the applicable date, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be the value as reasonably determined by the Committee for purposes of the Award in the circumstances. The Committee also may adopt a different methodology for determining Fair Market Value with respect to one or more Awards if a different methodology is necessary or advisable to secure any intended favorable tax, legal or other treatment for the particular Award(s) (for example, and without limitation, the Committee may provide that Fair Market Value for purposes of one or more Awards will be based on an average of closing prices (or the average of high and low daily trading prices) for a specified period preceding the relevant date). 2 (s) “Fiscal Year” means the Company’s fiscal year. (t) “Full-Value Awards” means Awards granted under the Plan other than Options and SARs. (u) “Full-Value Award Ratio” means the share-counting ratio applicable to Full-Value Awards as specified in Section 5(b) of the Plan. (v) “Grant Date” means the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant an Award or such later date as the Committee may specify in making such determination. (w) “Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422. (x) “Non-Employee Director” means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. (y) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” or “NSO” means a stock option that is not an ISO. (z) “Option” means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan entitling the Participant to purchase Shares upon satisfaction of the conditions contained in the Plan and the applicable Option Agreement. (aa) “Parent” means any corporation or other entity that beneficially owns directly or indirectly a majority of the Company’s outstanding voting stock or voting power. An entity that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. (bb) “Participant” means an Employee or Consultant who has been granted an Award by the Committee under the Plan or any individual, estate or other entity holding a transferred Award pursuant to Section 4(c). (cc) “Performance Goals” means one or more measurable performance goals established by the Committee with respect to a Performance Period, including without limitation, one or more of the following criteria: (i) operating income; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iii) earnings; (iv) cash flow; (v) market share; (vi) sales or revenue; (vii) expenses; (viii) cost of goods sold; (ix) profit/loss or profit margin; (x) working capital; (xi) return on equity or assets; (xii) earnings per share; (xiii) total shareholder return; (xiv) price/earnings ratio; (xv) debt or debt-to-equity; (xvi) accounts receivable; (xvii) writeoffs; (xviii) cash; (xix) assets; (xx) liquidity; (xxi) operations; (xxii) intellectual property (e.g., patents); (xxiii) product development; (xxiv) manufacturing, production or inventory; (xxv) mergers and acquisitions or divestitures; (xxvi) Apple values, key community initiatives or other environmental, social or governance objectives; (xxvi) stock price; and/or (xxvii) any other performance objective selected by the Committee. Any criteria used may be measured, as applicable, (a) in absolute terms, (b) in relative terms (including but not limited to, the passage of time and/or against other companies or financial metrics), (c) on a per share and/or share per capita basis, (d) against the performance of the Company as a whole or against particular entities, segments, operating units or products of the Company and/or (e) on a pre-tax or after tax basis. (dd) “Performance Period” means any period not exceeding 120 months as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. (ee) “Plan” means this Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan, as amended from time to time. (ff) “Re-Price” or “Re-Pricing” means any of the following actions taken by the Committee: (1) lowering or reducing the Exercise Price of an outstanding Option and/or outstanding SAR, (2) cancelling, exchanging or surrendering any outstanding Option and/or outstanding SAR in exchange for cash or another award for the purpose of repricing the award; (3) cancelling, exchanging or surrendering any outstanding Option and/or outstanding SAR in exchange for an Option or SAR with an Exercise Price that is less than the Exercise Price of the original award; and (4) any other action that is treated as a repricing under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; provided that, in each case, a Re-Pricing (or Re-Price, as the case may be) shall not include (x) any action taken with shareholder approval, and (y) any adjustment of an Option or SAR pursuant to Section 11. (gg) “Restricted Stock Unit” or “RSU” means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan. A restricted stock unit is a bookkeeping entry representing the unfunded and unsecured right to receive the equivalent of one Share under the Plan, subject to Section 9. 3 (hh) “Restricted Stock Unit Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 9 evidencing a Restricted Stock Unit Award. (ii) “SAR Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 7 evidencing a Stock Appreciation Right. (jj) “SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (kk) “Section 16 Persons” means those officers, directors or other persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (ll) “Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (mm) “Share” means one share of Common Stock. (nn) “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means a stock appreciation right awarded under the Plan. (oo) “Stock Grant” means Shares awarded under the Plan pursuant to Section 8. (pp) “Stock Grant Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 8 evidencing a Stock Grant. (qq) “Option Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 6 evidencing an Option. (rr) “Subsidiary” means any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company. An entity that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. (ss) “Tax-Related Items” means any U.S. federal, state, local taxes and/or any taxes imposed by a foreign jurisdiction, including without limitation, income tax, social taxes, social insurance or similar contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, employment tax, stamp tax and any other taxes related to participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participants, including any employer liabilities that Participants are liable for pursuant to Applicable Laws or a Participant’s Award Agreement. (tt) “10-Percent Stockholder” means an individual who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or of its parent corporation or subsidiary corporation (as defined in Code Sections 424(e) and (f)). In determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Code Section 424(d) shall be applied. (uu) “Termination of Service” means (i) in the case of an Employee, a cessation of the active provision of employment-related services by the Employee for the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason, including but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability, or retirement, but excluding any such termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment by the Company or a Subsidiary and excluding any bona fide Company (or Subsidiary) approved leave of absence; and (ii) in the case of a Consultant, a cessation of the active service relationship (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) between the Consultant and the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason, including but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death or disability, but excluding any such termination where there is a simultaneous re-engagement of the Consultant by the Company or a Subsidiary. For purposes of the Plan and any Award, if an entity ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company, a Termination of Service shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to each Employee and Consultant in respect of such Subsidiary who does not continue as an Employee or Consultant in respect of the Company or another Subsidiary that continues as such after giving effect to the transaction or other event giving rise to the change in status unless the Subsidiary that is sold, spun-off or otherwise divested (or its successor or a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary or successor) assumes the Employee’s or Consultant’s Award(s) in connection with such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, with respect to any Award that constitutes a “nonqualified deferred compensation plan” within the meaning of Code Section 409A as to which a Termination of Service is or could be an event entitling the Award holder to the delivery of Shares or other payment, a Participant shall not be considered to have experienced a “Termination of Service” unless the Participant has experienced a “separation from service” within the meaning of Code Section 409A (a “Separation from Service”). 4 SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION. (a) Committee Composition. The Board or a Committee appointed by the Board shall administer the Plan. The Committee shall generally have membership composition which enables Awards granted to Section 16 Persons to qualify as exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. However, the Board may also appoint one or more separate Committees, each composed of two or more directors of the Company who need not qualify under Rule 16b-3, that may administer the Plan with respect to Participants who are not Section 16 Persons, may grant Awards under the Plan to such Participants and may determine all terms of such Awards. Members of any such Committee shall serve for such period of time as the Board may determine and shall be subject to removal by the Board at any time. The Board may also at any time terminate the functions of any Committee and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. The Board and any Committee appointed to administer the Plan is referred to herein as the “Committee.” (b) Authority of the Committee. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the full authority, in its sole discretion, to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Such actions shall include: (i) selecting Participants who are to receive Awards under the Plan; (ii) determining the Fair Market Value for purposes of any Award; (iii) determining the type of and number of securities to be subject to each Award, and the Grant Date, vesting requirements, and other terms, features and conditions of such Awards; (iv) approving the forms of Award Agreements to be used under the Plan; (v) amending or cancelling any outstanding Awards or Shares underlying outstanding Awards; (vi) accelerating the vesting or extending the post-termination exercise term of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate (including, without limitation, in connection with a Termination of Service due to the Participant’s death, Disability, or retirement), or tolling the vesting of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate (including, without limitation, in connection with a Participant’s leave of absence), subject, in each case, to Applicable Laws and any required consent under Section 15; (vii) construing and interpreting the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other documents defining the rights and obligations of the Company, its Subsidiaries, and Participants under the Plan; (viii) correcting any defect, supplying any omission or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement; (ix) adopting such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan; (x) authorizing any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously authorized by the Committee; (xi) adjusting the number of Shares subject to any Award, adjusting the price of any or all outstanding Awards or otherwise changing previously imposed terms and conditions, in such circumstances as the Committee may deem appropriate, in each case subject to Sections 5 and 15, and subject to the prohibition on Re-Pricing set forth below; (xii) determining whether, and the extent to which, adjustments are required pursuant to Section 11 hereof and authorizing the termination, conversion, substitution or succession of Awards upon the occurrence of a Change of Control as described in Section 12 and subject to Applicable Laws; (xiii) acquiring or settling (subject to Sections 14 and 15) rights under Awards in cash, stock of equivalent value, or other consideration, subject to the prohibition on Re-Pricing set forth below; (xiv) making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan; and (xv) adopting such rules, plans or subplans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to facilitate compliance with the laws of countries outside of the U.S., allow for tax-favorable treatment of Awards or otherwise provide for the participation by Participants who reside outside of the U.S. In no event shall the Committee Re-Price any Option or SAR. 5 The Committee’s determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be the same for all persons. (c) Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws, each Director and member of the Committee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by the Participant in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which the Participant may be a party or in which the Participant may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Award Agreement, and (ii) from any and all amounts paid by the Participant in settlement thereof, with the Company’s approval, or paid by the Participant in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against the Participant, provided the Participant shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before the Participant undertakes to handle and defend it on the Participant’s own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. (d) Reliance on Experts. In making any determination or in taking or not taking any action under the Plan, the Committee may obtain and may rely upon the advice of experts, including employees and professional advisors to the Company. No director, officer or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any such action or determination taken or made or omitted in good faith. SECTION 4. GENERAL. (a) General Eligibility. Only Employees and Consultants shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. Non-Employee Directors are not eligible to participate in the Plan. (b) Incentive Stock Options. Only Participants who are Employees of the Company, a “parent corporation” of the Company (within the meaning of Code Section 424(e)) or a “subsidiary corporation” of the Company (within the meaning of Code Section 424(f)) shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, a 10-Percent Stockholder shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Code Section 422(c)(5) are satisfied. (c) Restrictions on Transfer. (i) Unless otherwise expressly provided in (or pursuant to) this Section 4(c) or required by Applicable Law: (A) all Awards are non-transferable and shall not be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, anticipation, alienation, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge; (B) Awards that are Options or SARs shall be exercised only by the Participant; and (C) amounts payable or Shares issuable pursuant to any Award shall be delivered only to (or for the account of) the Participant. (ii) The Committee may permit Awards to be exercised by and paid to, or otherwise transferred to, other persons or entities pursuant to such conditions and procedures, including limitations on subsequent transfers, as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish in writing. Any permitted transfer shall be subject to compliance with Applicable Laws and shall not be for value (other than nominal consideration, settlement of marital property rights, or for interests in an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are held by the Participant or by the Participant’s family members). (iii) The exercise and transfer restrictions in Section 4(c) shall not apply to: (A) transfers to the Company (for example, in connection with the expiration or termination of the Award), (B) the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of the Participant’s death or, if the Participant has died, transfers to or exercise by the Participant’s legal beneficiary(ies), or, in the absence of a validly designated beneficiary, transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution, (C) subject to any applicable limitations on ISOs, transfers to a family member (or former family member) pursuant to a domestic relations order if approved or ratified by the Company, (D) if the Participant has suffered a Disability, permitted transfers or exercises on behalf of the Participant by the Participant’s legal representative, or (E) the authorization by the Committee of Cashless Exercise procedures with third party brokers or administrators who provide financing for the purpose of (or who otherwise facilitate) the exercise of Awards consistent with Applicable Laws and the express authorization of the Committee. 6 (d) Beneficiaries. If permitted by the Committee in the Award Agreement and authorized under Applicable Laws, a Participant under the Plan may name a beneficiary or beneficiaries to whom any vested but unpaid Award shall be paid in the event of the Participant’s death. Each such designation shall revoke all prior beneficiary designations by the Participant and shall be effective only if given in a form and manner acceptable to the Committee. In the absence of any such designation, any vested Awards remaining unpaid at the Participant’s death shall be paid to the Participant’s estate in accordance with Applicable Laws, the terms of the Plan and of the applicable Award Agreement, and any unexercised vested Award may be exercised by the legal representative, administrator or executor of the Participant’s estate. (e) No Rights as a Shareholder. A Participant, or a transferee of a Participant, shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares underlying an Award until such person has satisfied all of the terms and conditions to receive said Shares , has satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items relating to the Award and the Shares have been issued (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). (f) Termination of Service. The Committee shall establish the effect of a Termination of Service on the rights and benefits under each Award under the Plan and in so doing may make distinctions based upon, inter alia, the cause of termination and type of Award. (g) Consideration. The purchase price for any Award granted under the Plan or the Shares to be delivered pursuant to an Award, as applicable, may be paid by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement of separately established by the Committee. SECTION 5. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS. (a) Basic Limitation. The Common Stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Shares. The aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, is equal to: (i) 510 million Shares, plus (ii) the number of any Shares that remained available under the 2014 Plan for new award grants on the Approval Date, and determined immediately before giving effect to the termination of the authority to grant new awards under the 2014 Plan in connection with such approval, plus (iii) the number of any Shares subject to stock options granted under the 2014 Plan and outstanding as of the Approval Date which expire, or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, after the Approval Date without being exercised, plus (iv) the number of any Shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2014 Plan that were outstanding and unvested on the Approval Date that are forfeited, terminated, cancelled or otherwise reacquired by the Company after the Approval Date without having become vested or that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries after the Approval Date to satisfy the Tax-Related Items related to the award (in each case, with any such Shares increasing the Shares available for issuance under the Plan based on the Full-Value Award Ratio), provided that in no event shall the Shares available for issuance under the Plan exceed 1,274,374,682 Shares (which is the sum of (1) the 510 million Shares set forth above, plus (2) the number of Shares available for new award grants under the 2014 Plan on September 25, 2021, plus (3) the aggregate number of Shares subject to stock options previously granted and outstanding under the 2014 Plan as of September 25, 2021, plus (4) two (2) (the Full-Value Award Ratio) times the aggregate number of Shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock units previously granted and outstanding under the 2014 Plan as of September 25, 2021). 7 (b) Share Count. Shares issued pursuant to Full-Value Awards will count against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan as two (2) Shares for every one (1) Share issued in connection with the Full-Value Award. Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Options or SARs under the Plan will count against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan as one (1) Share for every one Share to which such exercise relates. For purposes of clarity, the total number of Shares subject to SARs that are exercised and settled in Shares, and the total number of Shares subject to Options that are exercised, shall be counted in full on a one-for-one basis against the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, regardless of the number of Shares actually issued upon settlement of the SARs or Options. If Awards or dividend equivalent rights are settled in cash, the Shares that would have been delivered had there been no cash settlement shall not be counted against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Except as provided in the next sentence, Shares that are subject to Awards that are forfeited, are terminated, fail to vest or for any other reason are not paid or delivered, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan; provided that any one (1) Share issued pursuant to a Stock Grant or subject to a Restricted Stock Unit (including Shares subject to stock-settled dividend equivalent rights) that is forfeited or terminated shall be credited as two (2) Shares when determining the number of Shares that shall again become available for Awards under the Plan if upon grant, the Shares underlying such forfeited or terminated Awards were counted as two (2) Shares against the Plan reserve. Shares that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with any Option or SAR, as well as any Shares exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to satisfy the Tax-Related Items for any Option or SAR, shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan. Shares that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with any Full-Value Award, as well as any Shares exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to satisfy the Tax-Related Items for any Full-Value Award, shall be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan; provided that any one (1) Share so exchanged or withheld in connection with any Full-Value Award shall be credited as two (2) Shares when determining the number of Shares that shall again become available for Awards under the Plan if upon grant, the Shares underlying the related Full-Value Award were counted as two (2) Shares against the Plan reserve. Refer to Section 15(i) for application of the foregoing Share limits with respect to substituted awards. (c) Share Limits. (i) Limits on Options and SARs. No Participant shall receive Options or SARs during any Fiscal Year covering, in the aggregate, in excess of 7,000,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. (ii) Limits on Stock Grants and Restricted Stock Units. No Participant shall receive Stock Grants or Restricted Stock Units during any Fiscal Year covering, in the aggregate, in excess of 7,000,000 Shares (for this purpose, (A) counting such Shares on a 1-for-1 basis and (B) for Stock Grants or Restricted Stock Units as to which the number of Shares earned is dependent on the level of attainment of performance vesting conditions, counting in respect thereof the number of Shares that may be earned at maximum performance), subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. (d) Reservation of Shares; Fractional Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve a number of Shares sufficient to cover the Company’s obligations and contingent obligations to deliver Shares with respect to Awards then outstanding under the Plan (exclusive of any dividend equivalent obligations to the extent the Company has the right to settle such rights in cash). Unless the Committee provides otherwise, no fractional Shares shall be issuable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of Awards under the Plan. The Committee shall also have the authority to determine whether fractional Shares shall be rounded down or a cash payment shall be made in lieu of fractional Shares. SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS. (a) Option Agreement. Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by an Option Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in an Option Agreement. Dividend equivalent rights shall not be awarded on Options. The provisions of the various Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. The Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NSO. (b) Number of Shares. Each Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option, which number is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. 8 (c) Exercise Price. Each Option Agreement shall specify the Option’s Exercise Price which shall be established by the Committee and is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. The Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value (110% for an ISO granted to a 10-Percent Stockholder) on the Grant Date. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become exercisable and/or any performance conditions or Performance Goals pursuant to Section 10 that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. The Option Agreement shall also specify the maximum term of the Option, provided that the maximum term of an Option shall in no event exceed ten (10) years from the Grant Date. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or the Option Agreement, no Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Option Agreement. (e) Method of Exercise. An Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company or the Company’s designee (or, subject to Applicable Laws and if the Company permits, by electronic or voice methods) of the number of Shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate Exercise Price, plus any required Tax-Related Items (unless satisfactory arrangements have been made to satisfy such Tax-Related Items). The Company reserves the right to delay issuance of the Shares until such payment obligations are fully satisfied. (f) Payment for Option Shares. The Exercise Price of an Option shall be paid in cash at the time of exercise, except as follows and if so provided for in the applicable Option Agreement: (i) Cashless Exercise. Payment of all or a part of the Exercise Price may be made through Cashless Exercise. (ii) Other Forms of Payment. Payment may be made in any other form that is consistent with Applicable Laws, regulations and rules and approved by the Committee. In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, except to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Option Agreement. In the case of an NSO granted under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion at any time, accept payment in any form(s) described in this Section 6(f). SECTION 7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. (a) SAR Agreement. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a SAR Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. A SAR Agreement may provide for a maximum limit on the amount of any payout notwithstanding the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the SAR. Dividend equivalent rights shall not be awarded on SARs. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (b) Number of Shares. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains, which number is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. (c) Exercise Price. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. A SAR Agreement may specify an Exercise Price that varies in accordance with a predetermined formula while the SAR is outstanding, provided that in all cases and at all times the Exercise Price of a SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become exercisable and/or any performance conditions or Performance Goals pursuant to Section 10 that must be satisfied before the SAR is exercised. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the maximum term of the SAR which shall not exceed ten (10) years from the Grant Date. SARs may be awarded in combination with Options or Stock Grants, and such an Award shall provide that the SARs will not be exercisable unless the related Options or Stock Grants are forfeited. A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of grant but may be included in an NSO at the time of grant or at any subsequent time. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or the SAR Agreement, no SAR can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable SAR Agreement. (e) Exercise of SARs. Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR after Participant’s death) shall receive from the Company (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) any combination of Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant of the SAR, in its sole discretion. The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise) of the Shares subject to the exercised SARs exceeds the aggregate Exercise Price of the exercised SARs. 9 SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STOCK GRANTS. (a) Form of Awards. Awards under this Section 8 may be granted in the form of a Stock Grant. (b) Stock Grant Agreement. Each Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Grant Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Each Stock Grant shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement. The provisions of the Stock Grant Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (c) Number of Shares. Each Stock Grant Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Grant pertains, which number is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. (d) Vesting Conditions. The Committee shall determine the vesting schedule of each Stock Grant. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Stock Grant Agreement, which may include performance conditions or Performance Goals pursuant to Section 10. (e) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holder of a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company’s other shareholders, except as otherwise stated in the Stock Grant Agreement; provided, however, that any dividends will be subject to forfeiture and termination (or repayment, as applicable) to the same extent as the corresponding portion of the Stock Grant to which such dividends relate. A Stock Grant Agreement may require that the holder of such Stock Grant invest any cash dividends received in additional Shares subject to the Stock Grant. Such additional Shares and any Shares received as a dividend pursuant to the Stock Grant shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Stock Grant with respect to which the dividends were paid. SECTION 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. (a) Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Each RSU granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such RSU shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (b) Number of Shares. Each Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall specify the number of RSUs to which the Restricted Stock Unit Award pertains, which number is subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11. (c) Vesting Conditions. The Committee shall determine the vesting schedule of each RSU Award. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, which may include performance conditions or Performance Goals pursuant to Section 10. (d) Form and Time of Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. Settlement of vested RSUs may be made in the form of (i) cash, (ii) Shares or (iii) any combination of both, as determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the RSUs, in its sole discretion. Vested RSUs may be settled in a lump sum or in installments as determined by the Committee and provided in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The distribution may occur or commence when the vesting conditions applicable to the RSUs have been satisfied or have lapsed, or, if the Committee so provides in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, it may be deferred, in accordance with Applicable Laws, to a later date. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents, as determined by the Committee and provided in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. (e) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holders of RSUs shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any RSU awarded under the Plan may, at the Committee’s discretion, carry with it a right to dividend equivalent rights. A dividend equivalent right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash dividends paid on one Share while the RSU is outstanding and shall be subject to forfeiture and termination to the same extent as the corresponding RSUs to which the dividend equivalent rights relate. Dividend equivalent rights may be converted into additional RSUs, subject to Applicable Laws. Dividend equivalent rights will be subject to the same vesting conditions and restrictions as the RSUs to which they attach. Subject to Applicable Laws, settlement of dividend equivalent rights may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of both, as determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the RSUs, in its sole discretion. (f) Creditors’ Rights. A holder of RSUs shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. RSUs represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 10 SECTION 10. PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS. The Committee may, in its discretion, include performance conditions in an Award. The Committee may provide at the time it establishes the applicable Performance Goals, or at a later time, for the Performance Goals (or performance against the Performance Goals, as the case may be) to be adjusted to mitigate the unbudgeted impact of material, unusual or nonrecurring gains and losses, accounting changes or other events specified by the Committee. SECTION 11. PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION. (a) Adjustments. Subject to Section 15(d), upon (or, as may be necessary to effect the adjustment, immediately prior to): any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including a stock split in the form of a stock dividend) or reverse stock split; a Change of Control, or any merger, combination, consolidation, or other reorganization; any spin-off, split-up, or extraordinary dividend distribution in respect of the Common Stock; or any exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or any similar, unusual or extraordinary corporate transaction in respect of the Common Stock, then the Committee shall equitably and proportionately adjust (1) the number and type of Shares (or other securities) that thereafter may be made the subject of Awards (including the specific Share limits, maximums and numbers of Shares set forth elsewhere in the Plan), (2) the number, amount and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to any outstanding Awards, (3) the grant, purchase, or Exercise Price of any outstanding Awards, and/or (4) the securities, cash or other property deliverable upon exercise or payment of any outstanding Awards, in each case to the extent necessary to preserve (but not increase) the level of incentives intended by the Plan and the then-outstanding Awards. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Award Agreement, upon (or, as may be necessary to effect the adjustment, immediately prior to) any event or transaction described in the preceding paragraph or a sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company as an entirety, the Company shall equitably and proportionately adjust the Performance Goals applicable to any then-outstanding performance-based Awards to the extent necessary to preserve (but not increase) the level of incentives intended by the Plan and the then-outstanding performance-based Awards. It is intended that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, any adjustments contemplated by the preceding two paragraphs be made in a manner that satisfies applicable legal, tax (including, without limitation and as applicable in the circumstances, Code Sections 424 and 409A) and accounting (so as to not trigger any charge to earnings with respect to such adjustment) requirements. Without limiting the generality of Section 3, any good faith determination by the Committee as to whether an adjustment is required in the circumstances pursuant to this Section 11(a), and the extent and nature of any such adjustment, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. (b) Participant Rights. Except as provided in this Section 11, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. If by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11 a Participant’s Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares and the Award in respect thereof shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Award and the Shares underlying the Award prior to such adjustment, unless otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. SECTION 12. CHANGE OF CONTROL. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control then the Committee may make provision for a cash payment in settlement of, or for the assumption, substitution or exchange of any or all outstanding Awards or the cash, securities or property deliverable to the holder of any or all outstanding Awards, based upon, to the extent relevant under the circumstances, the distribution or consideration payable to holders of the Common Stock upon or in respect of such Change of Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, then, unless the Committee has made a provision for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation or settlement of the Award or the Award would otherwise continue in accordance with its terms in the circumstances, each Award shall terminate upon the related event; provided that the holder of an Option or SAR shall be given reasonable advance notice of the impending termination and a reasonable opportunity to exercise the Participant’s outstanding vested Options and SARs in accordance with their terms before the termination of such Awards (except that in no case shall more than ten days’ notice of the impending termination be required). 11 The Committee may adopt such valuation methodologies for outstanding Awards as it deems reasonable in the event of a cash or property settlement and, in the case of Options, SARs or similar rights, but without limitation on other methodologies, may base such settlement solely upon the excess if any of the per share amount payable upon or in respect of such event over the Exercise Price of the Award. The Committee may take such action contemplated by this Section 12 prior to a Change of Control (as opposed to on the occurrence of such event) to the extent that the Committee deems the action necessary to permit the Participant to realize the benefits intended to be conveyed with respect to the Shares underlying the outstanding Awards. Without limiting the generality of Section 3, any good faith determination by the Committee pursuant to its authority under this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. SECTION 13. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS. (a) Participant Rights. A Participant’s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with any Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the individual to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting an Award under the Plan, a Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards, Shares underlying such Awards or the cash equivalent. Any Award granted hereunder is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant’s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a Participant’s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, or any Subsidiary. The Company and its Parent and Subsidiaries reserve the right to Terminate the Service of any person at any time, and for any reason, subject to Applicable Laws, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and any applicable written employment agreement (if any), and such terminated person shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. (b) Shareholders’ Rights. Except as provided in Section 8(e), a Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares underlying a Participant’s Award prior to the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such Shares are issued, except as expressly provided in Sections 8(e), 9(e) and 11. (c) Regulatory Requirements. Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Shares or other securities under the Plan shall be subject to all Applicable Laws and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Shares or other securities pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Shares or other securities, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. The person acquiring any securities under the Plan will, if requested by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, provide such assurances and representations to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries as the Committee may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal, tax, and accounting requirements. (d) Foreign Awards and Rights. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, in order to facilitate compliance with Applicable Laws in countries in which the Company, Parent or Subsidiaries have Participants, the Committee shall have the power and authority to modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Participants to facilitate compliance with Applicable Laws of the certain jurisdictions where Participants reside and/or establish sub-plans, rules or procedures applicable to particular Subsidiaries or Participants residing in certain jurisdictions; provided, however, that no such sub-plans, modifications or rules shall increase the Share limitations contained in Section 5 or result in any other changes to the Plan giving rise to shareholder approval. 12 SECTION 14. TAXES; SECTION 409A. (a) General. The Company, a Parent and any Subsidiaries each shall have the authority and right to deduct or withhold or require a Participant to remit an amount sufficient to satisfy Tax-Related Items with respect to any taxable event concerning a Participant arising as a result of the Plan or take any other action as may be necessary in the option of the Company, a Parent or any Subsidiary, as appropriate, to satisfy withholding obligations for the payment of Tax-Related Items. The Company, a Parent or any Subsidiary may, in its sole discretion and subject to such as rules as it may adopt, permit or require a Participant to pay all or a portion of the Tax-Related Items arising in connection with an Award, by, without limitation: (i) having the Participant pay an amount in cash (by check or wire transfer), (ii) withholding from the Participant’s wages or other cash compensation; (iii) withholding from the proceeds from the sale of Shares underlying an Award either through a voluntary or mandatory sale arranged by the Company on a Participant’s behalf, (iv) withholding from any amount payable under the Plan, including delivery of Shares to be made pursuant to an Award granted under the Plan, (vi) delivery of Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) that have been both held by the Participant and vested for at least six (6) months (or such other period as established from time to time by the Committee to avoid adverse accounting treatment under applicable accounting standards) having an aggregate Fair Market Value approximately equal to the amount to be withheld, or (vii) any other method of withholding determined by the Committee that is permissible under Applicable Laws. Further, the Company may take any such actions as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such Tax-Related Items. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items are satisfied, and the Company shall have no liability to any Participant for exercising the foregoing right. (b) Share Withholding. The Committee may (i) permit or require a Participant to satisfy all or part of the Participant’s withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Shares that otherwise would be issued to the Participant, or (ii) permit a Participant to satisfy such obligations by Cashless Exercise, or by surrendering all or a portion of any Shares that the Participant previously acquired, provided that the previously owned Shares have been held for a minimum duration (if any) determined satisfactory as established by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion and further provided that Shares that are withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items at the maximum rate applicable in the Participant’s jurisdiction(s). Any payment of Tax-Related Items by assigning Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions established by the Committee or required by rules of the SEC. Subject to Applicable Laws and unless the Committee indicates otherwise, if any Shares are used to satisfy Tax-Related Items, such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value on the date of the withholding event or the last preceding trading day prior to the withholding event. (c) Section 409A. This Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and, with respect to amounts that are subject to Code Section 409A, it is intended that this Plan be administered in all respects in accordance with Code Section 409A. Each payment under any Award that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. In no event may a Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under any Award that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company), amounts in respect of an Award that constitute “nonqualified deferred compensation” within the meaning of Code Section 409A that would otherwise be payable by reason of a Participant’s Separation from Service during the six-month period immediately following such Separation from Service shall instead be paid or provided on the first business day following the date that is six months following the Participant’s Separation from Service. If the Participant dies following the Separation from Service and prior to the payment of any amounts delayed on account of Code Section 409A, such amounts shall be paid to the Participant’s estate or the personal representative of the Participant’s estate within 30 days following the date of the Participant’s death. SECTION 15. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS; MISCELLANEOUS. (a) Term of the Plan. The Board adopted this Plan on November 9, 2021 (the “Effective Date”). The Plan shall terminate on the day before the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date and may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to this Section 15. (b) Amendment or Termination of the Plan. The Board may, at any time, terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend the Plan, in whole or in part. No Awards may be granted during any period that the Board suspends the Plan. To the extent then required by Applicable Laws or deemed necessary or advisable by the Committee, any amendment to the Plan shall be subject to shareholder approval. 13 (c) Amendments to Awards. Without limiting any other express authority of the Committee under (but subject to) the express limits of the Plan, the Committee by agreement or resolution may waive conditions of or limitations on Awards to Participants that the Committee in the prior exercise of its discretion has imposed, without the consent of a Participant, and (subject to the requirements of Sections 3 and 15(d)) may make other changes to the terms and conditions of Awards. No amendment of an Award, however, shall constitute a Re-Pricing without shareholder approval or otherwise authorize any action that may only be taken at law or under the rules of the principal exchange upon which the Shares are listed to trade with the consent or approval of shareholders without obtaining or conditioning such action on the receipt of such consent or approval. (d) Limitations on Amendments to Plan and Awards. No amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan or amendment of any outstanding Award Agreement shall, without written consent of the Participant, affect in any manner materially adverse to the Participant any rights or benefits of the Participant or obligations of the Company under any Award granted under the Plan prior to the effective date of such change, provided that any amendments to outstanding Award Agreements that the Company determines are necessary or desirable to facilitate compliance with Applicable Laws shall not require written consent of the Participant. Changes, settlements and other actions contemplated by Section 11 shall not be deemed to constitute changes or amendments for purposes of this Section 15. (e) Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (except its choice-of-law provisions) and applicable U.S. Federal Laws. (f) Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Plan shall continue in effect. (g) Section Headings. Captions and headings are given to the sections and subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof. (h) No Corporate Action Restriction. The existence of the Plan, the Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder shall not limit, affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Board or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize: (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the capital structure or business of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) any Change of Control or other merger, amalgamation, consolidation or change in the ownership of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iii) any issue of bonds, debentures, capital, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the capital stock (or the rights thereof) of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) any dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary, (v) any sale or transfer of all or any part of the assets or business of the Company or any Subsidiary, (vi) the payment at the discretion of the Board or the Committee of any type or form of compensation that may be made at law and without contravention of any requirement of the principal exchange upon which the Shares are traded; or (vii) any other corporate act or proceeding by the Company or any Subsidiary. No Participant, beneficiary or any other person shall have any claim under any Award or Award Agreement against any member of the Board or the Committee, or the Company or any Employees, officers or agents of the Company or any Subsidiary, as a result of any such action. (i) Stock-Based Awards in Substitution for Options or Awards Granted by Other Company. Awards may be granted under the Plan in substitution for or in connection with an assumption of employee, director and/or consultant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or other stock-based awards granted by other entities to persons who are or who will become Employees or Consultants in respect of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with a distribution, merger or other reorganization by or with the granting entity or an affiliated entity, or the acquisition by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, of all or a substantial part of the stock or assets of the granting entity. The Awards so granted may reflect the original terms of the related award being assumed or substituted for and need not comply with other specific terms of the Plan, with Common Stock substituted for the securities covered by the original award and with the number of Shares subject to such awards, as well as any exercise or purchase prices applicable to such awards, adjusted to account for differences in stock prices in connection with the transaction. Any shares that are delivered and any Awards that are granted by, or become obligations of, the Company, as a result of any such assumption or substitution in connection with any such transaction shall not be counted against the Share limit or other limits on the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, unless required by Applicable Laws or determined otherwise by the Company. 14 (j) Stock Certificates; Book Entry Procedures. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee or required by Applicable Laws, rules or regulations, the Company shall not deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares shall be recorded in the books of the Company (or as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). (k) Insider Trading. Each Participant who receives an Award will comply with the Company’s Insider Trading Policy or any other policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company’s Shares, as well as any applicable insider trading or market abuse laws in a Participant’s jurisdiction. (l) Recoupment/Clawback. An Award granted under the Plan will be subject to any provisions of Applicable Laws providing for the recoupment or clawback of incentive compensation; the terms of any Company recoupment, clawback or similar policy in effect at the time of grant of the Award; and any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions that may be included in the applicable Award Agreement. 15 EX-10.2 3 d294699dex102.htm EX-10.2 EX-10.2 Exhibit 10.2 APPLE INC. 2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT NOTICE OF GRANT Name: (the “Participant”) Employee ID: Grant Number: No. of Units Subject to Award: Award Date: (the “Award Date”) Vesting Commencement Date: (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Vesting Schedule: This restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award, which are incorporated herein by reference. You do not have to accept the Award. If you wish to decline your Award, you should promptly notify Apple Inc.’s Stock Plan Group of your decision at stock@apple.com. If you do not provide such notification by the last day of the calendar month prior to the first Vesting Date, you will be deemed to have accepted your Award on the terms and conditions set forth herein. APPLE INC. 2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 1. General. These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award (these “Terms”) apply to a particular restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice of Grant (the “Grant Notice”) corresponding to that particular grant. The recipient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Participant.” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Award Date.” The Award was granted under and is subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan, as amended from time to time (the “Plan”). Capitalized terms are defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Award is discretionary and has been granted to the Participant in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other form of compensation otherwise payable or to be paid to the Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms are collectively referred to as the “Award Agreement” applicable to the Award. 2. RSUs. As used herein, the term “RSU” shall mean a non-voting unit of measurement which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding Share solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement. RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to eventually be made to the Participant if such RSUs vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The RSUs shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind. 3. Vesting. Subject to Sections 4 and 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant Notice. (Each vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein as a “Vesting Date.”) Unless and until the Company elects to issue fractional Shares in settlement of a vested RSU, any fractional RSUs that vest on a Vesting Date shall be carried forward and vest when such combined fractional RSUs result in a full RSU and any fractional RSU that is not carried forward as a result of a termination of the Award prior to the next subsequent Vesting Date shall be forfeited. 4. Continuance of Employment. Except as provided in this Section 4 and in Section 8 below, vesting of the Award requires continued active employment or service through each applicable Vesting Date as a condition to the vesting of the applicable installment of the Award and the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Employment or service for only a portion of the period between the Vesting Commencement Date and the first Vesting Date or between subsequent Vesting Dates, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting of the Award. For purposes of this Award Agreement, active service shall include (a) the duration of an approved leave of absence (other than a personal leave of absence) and (b) the first thirty (30) days of an approved personal leave of absence, in each case as approved by the Company, in its sole discretion. The vesting of the Award shall be tolled beginning on the thirty-first (31st) day of a personal leave of absence. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Company, affects the Participant’s status as an employee at will who is subject to termination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain employed by or in service to the Company or any Subsidiary, interferes in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time to terminate such employment or service, or affects the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to increase or decrease the Participant’s other compensation or benefits. Nothing in this Section 4, however, is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Participant without the Participant’s consent thereto. 5. Dividend and Voting Rights. (a) Limitations on Rights Associated with RSUs. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to and held of record by the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the book entry evidencing such Shares. (b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions. As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Shares, the Company shall credit the Participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of RSUs (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan) subject to the Award that are outstanding immediately prior to the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original RSUs to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the Tax-Related Items; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Section 5(b) with respect to any RSUs which, immediately prior to the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8. 6. Restrictions on Transfer. Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, the Award, the Dividend Equivalent Rights and any interest therein or amount or Shares payable in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily. 1 7. Timing and Manner of Payment of RSUs. On or as soon as administratively practical following each vesting event pursuant to Section 3 or Section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 1⁄2) months after such vesting event), the Company shall deliver to the Participant a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs subject to the Award that vest on the applicable Vesting Date, less Tax-Related Items, unless such RSUs terminate prior to the given Vesting Date pursuant to Section 8. The Company’s obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise make payment with respect to vested RSUs is subject to the condition precedent that the Participant or other person entitled under the Plan to receive any Shares with respect to the vested RSUs deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 8. 8. Effect of Termination of Service. Except as expressly provided in Section 4 or this Section 8, the Participant’s RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent such RSUs have not become vested prior to the Participant’s Termination of Service, meaning the first date the Participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (the “Severance Date”), regardless of the reason for the Participant’s Termination of Service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or whether the Participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a Vesting Date and the Participant will have no right to the terminated RSUs, any underlying Shares or any cash equivalent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Participant’s Termination of Service is due to the Participant’s Disability at a time when RSUs remain unvested under the Award, (a) the Award shall vest with respect to the number of RSUs determined by multiplying (i) the number of then-outstanding and unvested RSUs as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights subject to the Award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to Section 3 on the next Vesting Date following the Severance Date but for such Termination of Service, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the Vesting Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a Termination of Service prior to the initial Vesting Date, the Vesting Commencement Date) and the Severance Date, and the denominator of which shall be the number of days between the Vesting Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a Termination of Service prior to the initial Vesting Date, the Vesting Commencement Date) and the next Vesting Date following the Severance Date that would have occurred but for such Termination of Service; and (b) any RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that are not vested after giving effect to the foregoing clause (a) shall terminate on the Severance Date. Further, in the event the Participant’s Termination of Service is due to the Participant’s death, any unvested RSUs shall be fully vested as of the Severance Date, and any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to the Participant shall be paid. If any unvested RSUs are terminated hereunder, such RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable Severance Date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant or the Participant’s personal representative, as the case may be. 9. Recoupment. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, “clawback” or similar provisions of applicable law. In addition, the Company may require the Participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, if the Company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred: (a) during the period of the Participant’s employment or service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Employment Period”), the Participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction); (b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the Participant is a party with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant’s behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the Participant’s Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer, or otherwise return such Shares and other amounts to the Company. This Section 9 is not the Company’s exclusive remedy with respect to such matters. 10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Company’s stock contemplated by Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of RSUs then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend Equivalent Rights are credited pursuant to Section 5(b). 2 11. Responsibility for Taxes. The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the Company or the Participant’s employer (“Employer”) take with respect to any Tax-Related Items, the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the RSUs, the vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company or the Employer; (b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and from otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to be issued or paid upon vesting/settlement of the Award; (c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant (on the Participant’s behalf and at the Participant’s direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling Shares as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan; (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award; or (e) any other method of withholding determined by the Company to be permitted under the Plan and, to the extent required by Applicable Law or under the Plan, approved by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is an officer of the Company who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding Shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of Dividend Equivalent Rights pursuant to method (b), unless the Board or the Committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above. The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the Participant’s jurisdiction(s). If the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the Participant in cash by the Company or Employer (with no entitlement to the Share equivalent) or if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver to the Participant any Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or request the Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. 3 13. Data Privacy. By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this Section 13. The Company, its related entities, and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant’s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). The Company and its related entities may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the Participant’s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its related entities may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 14. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Participant at the Participant’s last address reflected on the Company’s records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the Participant is no longer an employee of the Company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government. 15. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board or the Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or the Committee so conferred by appropriate action of the Board or the Committee under the Plan after the date hereof. 16. Entire Agreement. This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests of the Participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof. 17. Limitation on the Participant’s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 18. Section Headings. The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof. 19. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California and applicable U.S. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder. 20. Choice of Venue. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed. 21. Construction. It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted with that intent. 22. Severability. The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 23. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant’s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 4 EX-10.3 4 d294699dex103.htm EX-10.3 EX-10.3 Exhibit 10.3 APPLE INC. 2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT PERFORMANCE AWARD NOTICE OF GRANT Name: (the “Participant”) Employee ID: Grant Number: Target No. of Units Subject to Award: Award Date: (the “Award Date”) Vesting Schedule: Performance Period: This restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award - Performance Award (including Exhibit A thereto), which are incorporated herein by reference. You do not have to accept the Award. If you wish to decline your Award, you should promptly notify Apple Inc.’s Stock Plan Group of your decision at stock@apple.com. If you do not provide such notification by the last day of the calendar month prior to the Vesting Date, you will be deemed to have accepted your Award on the terms and conditions set forth herein. APPLE INC. 2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD PERFORMANCE AWARD 1. General. These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award - Performance Award (these “Terms”) apply to a particular restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice of Grant (the “Grant Notice”) corresponding to that particular grant. The recipient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Participant.” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Award Date.” The Award was granted under and is subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan, as amended from time to time (the “Plan”). Capitalized terms are defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Award is discretionary and has been granted to the Participant in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other form of compensation otherwise payable or to be paid to the Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms (including Exhibit A hereto, incorporated herein by this reference) are collectively referred to as the “Award Agreement” applicable to the Award. 2. RSUs. As used herein, the term “RSU” shall mean a non-voting unit of measurement which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding Share solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to eventually be made to the Participant if such RSUs vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The RSUs shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind. 3. Vesting. Subject to Sections 4 and 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant Notice and Exhibit A hereto. (The vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein as a “Vesting Date”). Unless and until the Company elects to issue fractional Shares in settlement of a vested RSU, any fractional RSUs that vest on a Vesting Date shall be carried forward and vest when such combined fractional RSUs result in a full RSU and any fractional RSU that is not carried forward as a result of a termination of the Award prior to the next subsequent Vesting Date shall be forfeited. 4. Continuance of Employment. Except as provided in this Section 4 and in Section 8 below, vesting of the Award requires continued active employment or service through the Vesting Date as a condition to the vesting of the Award and the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Employment or service for only a portion of the vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting of the Award. For purposes of this Award Agreement, active service shall include (a) the duration of an approved leave of absence (other than a personal leave of absence) and (b) the first thirty (30) days of an approved personal leave of absence, in each case as approved by the Company, in its sole discretion. The vesting of the Award shall be tolled beginning on the thirty-first (31st) day of a personal leave of absence. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Company, affects the Participant’s status as an employee at will who is subject to termination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain employed by or in service to the Company or any Subsidiary, interferes in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time to terminate such employment or services, or affects the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to increase or decrease the Participant’s other compensation or benefits. Nothing in this Section 4, however, is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Participant without the Participant’s consent thereto. 5. Dividend and Voting Rights. (a) Limitations on Rights Associated with RSUs. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to and held of record by the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the book entry evidencing such Shares. (b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions. As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Shares, the Company shall credit the Participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of RSUs (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan) subject to the Award that are outstanding immediately prior to the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original RSUs to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the Tax-Related Items; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. For purposes of clarity, the percentage of the Dividend Equivalent Rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of RSUs that vest on the Vesting Date, after giving effect to Exhibit A. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Section 5(b) with respect to any RSUs which, immediately prior to the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8 or Exhibit A. 1 6. Restrictions on Transfer. Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, the Award, the Dividend Equivalent Rights and any interest therein or amount or Shares payable in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily. 7. Timing and Manner of Payment of RSUs. On or as soon as administratively practical following the vesting event pursuant to Section 3 or Section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 1⁄2) months after such vesting event), the Company shall deliver to the Participant a number of Shares (either by delivering one or more certificates for such Shares or by entering such Shares in book entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion) equal to the number of RSUs subject to the Award that vest on the Vesting Date, less Tax-Related Items, unless such RSUs terminate prior to the Vesting Date pursuant to Section 8. The Company’s obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise make payment with respect to vested RSUs is subject to the condition precedent that the Participant or other person entitled under the Plan to receive any Shares with respect to the vested RSUs deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 8. 8. Effect of Termination of Service. Except as provided in Section 4 or this Section 8, the Participant’s RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent such RSUs have not become vested prior to the Participant’s Termination of Service, meaning the first date the Participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (the “Severance Date”), regardless of the reason for the Participant’s Termination of Service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the Participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a Vesting Date and the Participant will have no right to the terminated RSUs, any underlying Shares or the cash equivalent. In the event the Participant’s Severance Date is the result of the Participant’s Termination of Service due to the Participant’s death or Disability and the Severance Date occurs prior to the Vesting Date, on the Vesting Date the Award shall vest with respect to a number of RSUs determined by multiplying (i) the RSUs as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights subject to the Award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to the Award on such Vesting Date but for the Termination of Service and to the extent the applicable performance-based vesting requirement is satisfied, by (ii) the Severance Fraction (determined as set forth below). Any RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that are unvested on the Severance Date and that are not eligible to vest on the Vesting Date following the Severance Date pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the Severance Date, and any RSUs that remain outstanding and unvested after giving effect to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the Vesting Date. The “Severance Fraction” means a fraction, the numerator of which shall be determined by subtracting the number of days remaining in the Performance Period on the Severance Date from the total number of days in the Performance Period, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of days in the Performance Period. If any unvested RSUs are terminated pursuant to this Award Agreement, such RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable Severance Date (or, to the extent the applicable performance-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, the Vesting Date, as provided in Exhibit A) without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant, or the Participant’s beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be. 9. Recoupment. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, “clawback” or similar provisions of applicable law. In addition, the Company may require the Participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, if the Company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred: (a) during the period of the Participant’s employment or service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Employment Period”), the Participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction); (b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the Participant is a party with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant’s behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Participant’s Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company. This Section 9 is not the Company’s exclusive remedy with respect to such matters. 2 10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Company’s stock contemplated by Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of RSUs then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend Equivalent Rights are credited pursuant to Section 5(b). 11. Responsibility for Taxes. The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the Company and/or the Participant’s employer (“Employer”) take with respect to any Tax-Related Items, the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the RSUs, the vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends and/or Dividend Equivalent Rights; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company and/or the Employer; (b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and/or from otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to be issued or paid upon vesting/settlement of the Award; (c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant (on the Participant’s behalf and at the Participant’s direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling Shares as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan; or (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award; or (e) any other method of withholding determined by the Company to be permitted under the Plan and, to the extent required by Applicable Law or under the Plan, approved by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is an officer of the Company who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding Shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of Dividend Equivalent Rights pursuant to method (b), unless the Board or the Committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above. The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the Participant’s jurisdictions(s). If the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the Participant in cash by the Company or Employer (with no entitlement to the Share equivalent) or if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver to the Participant any Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or request the Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. 3 13. Data Privacy. The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this Section 13. The Company, its related entities, and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant’s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). The Company and its related entities may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant’s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its related entities may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 14. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Participant at the Participant’s last address reflected on the Company’s records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the Participant is no longer an employee of the Company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government. 15. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board or the Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or the Committee so conferred by appropriate action of the Board or the Committee under the Plan after the date hereof. 16. Entire Agreement. This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests of the Participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof. 17. Limitation on the Participant’s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 18. Section Headings. The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof. 19. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder. 20. Choice of Venue. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 21. Construction. It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent. 22. Severability. The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 23. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant’s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 4 PERFORMANCE AWARD EXHIBIT A PERFORMANCE VESTING REQUIREMENTS The RSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) subject to the Award that will vest on the Vesting Date will be determined based on the Company’s relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) Percentile for the Performance Period. The percentage of the RSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that vest on the Vesting Date will be determined as follows: • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs will vest on the Vesting Date. • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs will vest on the Vesting Date. • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs will vest on the Vesting Date. • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the RSUs will vest on the Vesting Date. For TSR Percentile performance for the Performance Period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the RSUs that will vest on the Vesting Date will be determined on a straight-line basis (i.e., linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company’s TSR for the Performance Period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred percent (100%) of the target RSUs vest. The number of RSUs that vest on the Vesting Date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the RSUs will not vest and will terminate on that Vesting Date. For purposes of the Award, the following definitions will apply: • “TSR Percentile” means the percentile ranking of the Company’s TSR among the TSRs for the Comparison Group members for the Performance Period. In determining the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period, in the event that the Company’s TSR for the Performance Period is equal to the TSR(s) of one or more other Comparison Group members for that same period, the Company’s TSR Percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the Company’s TSR for that period as being greater than such other Comparison Group members. • “Comparison Group” means the Company and each other company included in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index on the first day of the Performance Period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the Performance Period. In the event a member of the Comparison Group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a Comparison Group member, and such company’s Ending Price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed or traded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the Performance Period. In the event of a formation of a new parent company by a Comparison Group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original Comparison Group member or the assets and liabilities of such Comparison Group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the Comparison Group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original Comparison Group member are not. In the event of a merger or other business combination of two Comparison Group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one Comparison Group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another Comparison Group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the Comparison Group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the Performance Period. With respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction. • “TSR” shall be determined with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member by dividing: (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable Beginning Price from the applicable Ending Price plus (ii) all dividends and other distributions during the Performance Period by (b) the applicable Beginning Price. Any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. For the purpose of determining TSR, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution. • “Beginning Price” means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing market prices of such company’s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the Performance Period. For the purpose of determining Beginning Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution. • “Ending Price” means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing market prices of such company’s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the Performance Period. For the purpose of determining Ending Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution. With respect to the computation of TSR, Beginning Price, and Ending Price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split occurring during the Performance Period (or during the applicable 20-day period in determining Beginning Price or Ending Price, as the case may be). In the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the Committee shall be final and binding.