Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.The information in this report furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. It may only be incorporated by reference in another filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if such subsequent filing specifically references the information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this report.On January 31, 2017, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial position and results of operations as of and for its fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 in a press release that is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 is financial information and commentary by Devinder Kumar, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, regarding the Company’s fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.To supplement the Company’s financial results presented on a U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) basis, the Company’s earnings press release and CFO commentary contain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP research and development and marketing, general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other, Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP free cash flow. The Company believes that the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures assist investors in comparing the Company's core performance by excluding items that it believes are not indicative of the Company’s underlying operating performance. The Company cautions investors to carefully evaluate the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations. The Company’s non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation and are not a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d) Exhibits.EXHIBIT INDEXExhibit No. Description99.1 Press release dated January 31, 201799.2 CFO Commentary on 2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual ResultsSIGNATUREPursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: January 31, 2017ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By:/s/ Devinder Kumar Name:Devinder Kumar Title:Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President & Treasurer