Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On August 26, 2026, Micron Technology, Inc. ("Micron" or the “Company”) announced that Manish Bhatia, 54, the Company’s current Executive Vice President, Global Operations, has been appointed as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and that Dr. Scott DeBoer, 60, the Company’s current Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Products Officer, has been appointed President and Chief Technology and Products Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Bhatia has led the Company’s global operations since joining Micron in 2017, overseeing manufacturing and factory construction, supply chain, procurement, quality, information technology, artificial intelligence and global government affairs. Dr. DeBoer joined Micron in 1995 and has served in a variety of technical and managerial roles, most recently leading the Company’s global technology development and engineering efforts. For additional biographical information of Mr. Bhatia and Dr. DeBoer, refer to the section titled “Information About Our Executive Officers” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 3, 2025. There are no family relationships between either of Mr. Bhatia or Dr. DeBoer and any of the Company’s directors or executive officers and neither has a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no arrangements or understandings between either Mr. Bhatia or Dr. DeBoer and any other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as an executive officer. There are no changes to the compensation arrangements for either Mr. Bhatia or Dr. DeBoer at this time. On August 26, 2026, the Company also announced that Sumit Sadana has transitioned from his role as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer to the role of Senior Advisor to the CEO. A copy of the press release related to this announcement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release dated August 26, 2026 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: August 26, 2026 MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC. By: /s/ Michael Ray Name: Michael Ray Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary