Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.Director RetirementOn August 17, 2026, Mr. Joe Householder provided Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) with notice of his intention to retire from the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) effective as of August 19, 2026. Mr. Householder has served as a director since 2014. Mr. Householder’s retirement is not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies, or practices. Upon the effective date of Mr. Householder’s retirement, Ms. KC McClure, a member of the Board, will succeed Mr. Householder as the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee (the "Audit and Finance Committee") of the Board and Ms. Nora Denzel, the Company’s Lead Independent Director, will join the Audit and Finance Committee. In addition, Ms. McClure will be appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.Director AppointmentIn connection with Mr. Householder’s retirement, on August 19, 2026, the Board appointed Mr. Tim Ryan as a member of the Board effective as of August 19, 2026. The Board has determined that Mr. Ryan qualifies as an independent director for purposes of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market as well as applicable rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).Mr. Ryan will receive compensation based on the same policies as the Company’s other non-employee directors, which are described in the Company’s definitive proxy statement filed on March 27, 2026 with the SEC and in the Company’s Outside Director Equity Compensation Policy attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 5, 2025. Mr. Ryan is expected to enter into the Company’s standard form of indemnity agreement in the form filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2008.There are no family relationships between Mr. Ryan and any director or executive officer of the Company, nor does Mr. Ryan have a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.A copy of the press release regarding Mr. Ryan’s appointment and Mr. Householder’s retirement is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits(d) ExhibitsExhibit No.Description99.1Press Release dated August 19, 2026104Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)SIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.Date: August 19, 2026ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.By:/s/ Ava HahnName:Ava HahnTitle:Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_bodxtr8x19x26.htm EX-99.1 DocumentNEWS RELEASEContact: Brandi Martina AMD Communications (512) 705-1720 brandi.martina@amd.comLiz StineAMD Investor Relations(720) 652-3965liz.stine@amd.comAMD Appoints Tim Ryan to Board of DirectorsNews Highlights: •Appointment strengthens AMD's board with deep expertise spanning technology, enterprise operations and financial governance•KC McClure named chair of the Audit and Finance Committee SANTA CLARA, Calif. – Aug. 19, 2026 - AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) today announced the appointment of Tim Ryan to its board of directors, effective Aug. 19, 2026. AMD also announced related board committee changes, with KC McClure named chair of the Audit and Finance Committee and appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Nora Denzel, AMD’s lead independent director, has joined the Audit and Finance Committee.These changes follow the retirement of Joseph Householder, who is stepping down after more than 11 years on the AMD board. Ryan serves as Head of Technology and Business Enablement at Citi, where he leads the firm’s technology organization. He joined Citi in 2024 after more than three decades at PwC, including serving as U.S. Chair and Senior Partner from 2016 to 2024. Throughout his career, Ryan has advised many of the world’s leading companies on technology, strategy and risk. “Tim’s extensive experience across technology, operations and finance will bring valuable perspective to AMD’s board as we execute our long-term strategy and pursue the significant opportunities ahead in AI and high-performance computing,” said Dr. Lisa Su, AMD chair and CEO. “I also want to thank Joe Householder for his dedicated service and many contributions to AMD. His thoughtful counsel and financial stewardship have played an important role in AMD’s transformation and growth.” “I am thrilled to join AMD’s board at such a pivotal moment for the industry,” said Ryan. “AMD is at the center of the most important computing trends of our time, and I look forward to working with Lisa and the board to help drive the company’s continued growth.” Ryan is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and communications from Babson College. About AMDAMD (NASDAQ: AMD) drives innovation in high-performance and AI computing to solve the world’s most important challenges. Today, AMD technology powers billions of experiences across cloud and AI infrastructure, embedded systems, AI PCs and gaming. With a broad portfolio of AI-optimized CPUs, GPUs, networking and software, AMD delivers full-stack AI solutions that provide the performance and scalability needed for a new era of intelligent computing. Learn more at www.amd.com.