Item 5.02 - Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.Appointment of Ken J. Giacobbe to the BoardOn August 11, 2026, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Carpenter Technology Corporation (the “Company”) appointed Kenneth J. Giacobbe to the Board, effective as of August 11, 2026. Mr. Giacobbe will serve as a Class III director, with a term ending at the Company’s 2028 annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is duly elected and qualified. At this time, Mr. Giacobbe has not been appointed to any committees of the Board.Mr. Giacobbe brings more than three decades of finance and executive leadership experience across aerospace, advanced manufacturing and technology industries. From April 2020 to December 2025, Mr. Giacobbe served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Howmet Aerospace Inc., a leading provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries. Prior to Howmet Aerospace Inc., from November 2016 to March 2020, Mr. Giacobbe served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Arconic Inc. and held several senior finance leadership roles at Alcoa Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer of its Engineered Products and Solutions segment. Mr. Giacobbe earned a B.S. in Business and Managerial Economics from the State University of New York College at Oneonta and an M.B.A. from the University of South Florida.The Board determined that Mr. Giacobbe qualifies as an independent director under the director independence standards set forth in the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Giacobbe is not the beneficial owner of any of the Company’s common stock.Mr. Giacobbe does not have any family relationships with any director or executive officer of the Company, and there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Giacobbe and any other persons pursuant to which Mr. Giacobbe was selected to his position as director. Neither Mr. Giacobbe nor any related person of Mr. Giacobbe has a direct or indirect material interest in any existing or currently proposed transaction to which the Company is or may become a party that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Mr. Giacobbe is expected to receive compensation for his service on the Board in accordance with the Company’s director compensation program for non-employee directors, which is described in the Company’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on September 12, 2026. Mr. Giacobbe has entered into the Company’s standard form of indemnification agreement, which was previously filed by the Company as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2015. Resignation of Howard Yu and Colleen Pritchett from the BoardOn August 11, 2026, Howard Yu notified the Board of his intention to step down as a director of the Company, effective October 6, 2026, the date of the Company’s upcoming Annual Stockholders’ Meeting. In addition, on August 11, 2026, Colleen Pritchett notified the Board of her intention not to run for re-election as a director of the Company at the Company’s upcoming Annual Stockholders’ Meeting. Mr. Yu’s and Ms. Pritchett’s decisions were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management regarding any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.Item 7.01 – Regulation FD Disclosure.A copy of the press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Giacobbe and resignation of Mr. Yu and decision by Ms. Pritchett not to run for re-election is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company, whether before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.Item 9.01 - Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d): Exhibits:Exhibit No.Description99.1Carpenter Technology Corporation Press Release dated August 12, 2026104Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)SIGNATUREPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.CARPENTER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATIONBy:/s/ James D. DeeName:James D. DeeTitle:Senior Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryDate: August 12, 2026 EX-99.1 2 bodappointmentannouncement.htm EX-99.1 DocumentExhibit 99.1 KEN GIACOBBE JOINS CARPENTER TECHNOLOGY’S BOARD OF DIRECTORS PHILADELPHIA, August 12, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Carpenter Technology Corporation (NYSE: CRS) announced today that Ken Giacobbe has been appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors, effective August 11, 2026.“We are pleased to welcome Ken to Carpenter Technology’s Board of Directors,” said Tony Thene, Chairman, President and CEO of Carpenter Technology. “Ken brings extensive financial leadership experience from his tenure as Chief Financial Officer of Howmet Aerospace and its predecessor companies, along with deep knowledge of aerospace end markets, disciplined capital allocation, strategic portfolio transformation, and investor engagement. His perspective will be highly valuable as Carpenter Technology continues to execute its long-term growth strategy and deliver value for shareholders.”Mr. Giacobbe brings more than three decades of finance and executive leadership experience across aerospace, advanced manufacturing and technology industries. He most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Howmet Aerospace Inc., a leading global provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries. Prior to Howmet, Mr. Giacobbe served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Arconic Inc. and held several senior finance leadership roles at Alcoa Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer of its Engineered Products and Solutions segment. Earlier in his career, Mr. Giacobbe held senior finance roles at Avaya and Lucent Technologies. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business and Managerial Economics from the State University of New York College at Oneonta and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of South Florida. Exhibit 99.1Other Changes to the Board of DirectorsOn August 11, 2026, Howard Yu notified the Board of Directors of the Company of his intention to step down as a Director of the Company, effective October 6, 2026, the date of the Company’s Annual Stockholders’ Meeting. In addition, Colleen Pritchett notified the Board on August 11, 2026 of her decision not to stand for re-election as a director of the Company at the Company’s 2026 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting. “On behalf of the Board and the entire Carpenter Technology team, I want to thank Howard and Colleen for their dedicated service and meaningful contributions to the Company,” said Tony Thene. We wish them both continued success.” Mr. Yu’s and Ms. Pritchett’s decisions were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management regarding any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.With Mr. Giacobbe’s appointment, the Board of Directors currently consists of 12 members, 11 of whom are independent directors. After October 6, 2026, the Board will consist of 10 members, 9 of whom will be independent directors.About Carpenter Technology Carpenter Technology Corporation is a recognized leader in high-performance specialty alloy materials and process solutions for critical applications in the aerospace and defense, medical, transportation, energy, and industrial and consumer markets. Founded in 1889, Carpenter Technology has evolved to become a pioneer in premium specialty alloys including nickel, cobalt, and titanium and material process capabilities that solve our customers' current and future material challenges. More information about Carpenter Technology can be found at https://www.carpentertechnology.comExhibit 99.1Investor Inquiries:Media Inquiries:John HuyetteHeather Beardsley+1 610-208-2061+1 610-208-2278jhuyette@cartech.comhbeardsley@cartech.com