Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Apple Inc. (“Apple”) was held on February 24, 2026. At the Annual Meeting, Apple’s shareholders voted on the following five proposals and cast their votes as described below. 1. The individuals listed below were elected at the Annual Meeting to serve as directors of Apple until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified: For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote Wanda Austin 9,077,916,399 40,654,561 17,836,844 2,889,260,668 Tim Cook 9,022,191,821 101,386,531 12,829,452 2,889,260,668 Alex Gorsky 9,001,470,972 117,520,533 17,416,299 2,889,260,668 Andrea Jung 8,607,730,931 512,347,459 16,329,414 2,889,260,668 Art Levinson 8,297,337,255 822,322,806 16,747,743 2,889,260,668 Monica Lozano 9,077,081,775 41,951,291 17,374,738 2,889,260,668 Ron Sugar 8,717,147,160 401,351,569 17,909,075 2,889,260,668 Sue Wagner 8,596,360,759 522,576,019 17,471,026 2,889,260,668 2. A management proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Apple’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 was approved. For Against Abstained 11,794,611,709 202,435,745 28,621,018 3. An advisory resolution to approve executive compensation was approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 8,304,055,118 781,645,634 50,707,052 2,889,260,668 4. A management proposal to approve the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated was approved. The Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated, is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 8,927,137,986 178,910,631 30,359,187 2,889,260,668 5. A shareholder proposal entitled “China Entanglement Audit” was not approved. For Against Abstained Broker Non-Vote 129,158,181 8,939,194,258 68,055,365 2,889,260,668 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.1 Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated, effective as of February 24, 2026 10.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, effective as of February 24, 2026 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 24, 2026 Apple Inc. By: /s/ Katherine Adams Katherine Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary EX-10.1 2 ef20060722_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 APPLE INC. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK PLAN (as amended and restated effective February 24, 2026) On November 4, 2025, the Board adopted this amended and restated Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Plan (the “Plan”) subject to and effective upon approval by the Company’s shareholders at the Annual Meeting on February 24, 2026. The Plan was formerly known as the 1997 Director Stock Option Plan and the 1997 Director Stock Plan and was re-named the Non-Employee Director Plan, subject to approval by the Company’s shareholders at the Annual Meeting on February 13, 2018. For the terms and conditions of the Plan applicable to an Award, refer to the version of the Plan in effect as of the date such Award was granted. 1. PURPOSES. The purposes of the Plan are to retain the services of qualified individuals who are not employees of the Company to serve as members of the Board and to secure for the Company the benefits of the incentives inherent in increased Common Stock ownership by such individuals by granting such individuals Awards in respect of Shares. 2. ADMINISTRATION. The Administrator shall be responsible for administering the Plan. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have the full authority, in its sole discretion, to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan, including but not limited to: (a) determining the Fair Market Value for purposes of any Award; (b) approving any forms of Award Agreements to be used under the Plan; (c) amending any outstanding Awards; (d) construing and interpreting the Plan and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the Company and Non-Employee Directors under the Plan; (e) correcting any defect, supplying any omission or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement; (f) adopting such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan; (g) authorizing any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously authorized by the Administrator or the Plan; (h) adjusting the number of shares subject to any Award, adjusting the price of any or all outstanding Options or otherwise changing previously imposed terms and conditions, in such circumstances as the Administrator may deem appropriate; (i) determining whether, and the extent to which, adjustments are required pursuant to Section 7 hereof; and (j) making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan. Each interpretation, determination, or other action made or taken by the Administrator pursuant to the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons, and the Administrator’s determinations under the Plan need not be the same for all persons. The Administrator shall not be liable for any action or determination made in good faith, and shall be entitled to indemnification and reimbursement in the manner provided in the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws as such documents may be amended from time to time. 1 3. SHARES AVAILABLE; LIMITS. (a) SHARE LIMIT. Subject to the provisions of Section 7, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed 44,800,000 Shares (the “Share Limit”). The stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized and unissued Shares. (b) SHARE COUNT. Shares issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall count against the Share Limit as two (2) Shares for every one (1) Share issued in connection with the Award. Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Options shall count against the Share Limit as one (1) Share for every one (1) Share to which such exercise relates. If Awards are settled in cash, the shares that would have been delivered had there been no cash settlement shall not be counted against the Share Limit. Except as provided in the next sentence, if Awards are forfeited or are terminated for any reason before settlement or exercise, then the Shares underlying such Awards shall again become available for Awards under the Plan, provided that any one (1) Share subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award that is forfeited or terminated shall be credited as two (2) Shares when determining the number of Shares that shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. Shares that are exchanged by a Non-Employee Director or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with any Award under the Plan, as well as any Shares exchanged by a Non-Employee Director or withheld by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any Award, shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan. (c) LIMIT ON COMPENSATION. In no event shall the compensation payable by the Company to a Non-Employee Director for services performed as a Non-Employee Director, including the grant date value (determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of Awards, cash retainers, and other compensation, exceed $1,500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year. 4. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, each Non-Employee Director shall receive grants of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan subject to the following provisions of this Section 4 and the terms of any Award Agreement approved by the Administrator: (a) ANNUAL GRANTS. On the date of each Annual Meeting immediately following which a Non-Employee Director is serving on the Board, such Non-Employee Director shall be automatically granted an Award of a number of Restricted Stock Units determined by dividing (i) $310,000 (or such other amount as determined by the Board prior to the date of such Annual Meeting and subject to the limitations of the Plan) by (ii) the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant, such number to be rounded to the nearest whole number of Restricted Stock Units (each, an “Annual RSU Award”). (b) INITIAL GRANTS. Each Non-Employee Director who first becomes a Non-Employee Director at any time other than on the date of an Annual Meeting shall be automatically granted, on the date he or she first becomes a Non-Employee Director, an Award of a number of Restricted Stock Units determined by multiplying (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the dollar amount applied under Section 4(a) with respect to Awards granted at the immediately preceding Annual Meeting by (B) the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant, by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be the number of days remaining in the 365-day period following the most recent Annual Meeting, and (B) the denominator of which shall be 365 (but in no event shall such fraction be greater than one (1)), such number to be rounded to the nearest whole number of Restricted Stock Units (each, an “Initial RSU Award”); provided, however, that a Non-Employee Director shall not be eligible to receive an Initial RSU Award if either (x) he or she was an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to first becoming a Non-Employee Director, or (y) he or she first becomes a Non-Employee Director at any time on or after the February 1 following the last preceding Annual Meeting. (c) VESTING; TERMINATION OF SERVICE. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement at the time of grant, each Annual RSU Award shall fully vest on the February 1 that occurs in the fiscal year of the Company following the fiscal year in which the Award was granted. Each Initial RSU Award shall fully vest on the Vesting Date established for the Annual RSU Awards granted in connection with the last Annual Meeting to occur prior to the grant date of such Initial RSU Award. If the Non-Employee Director ceases to serve as a member of the Board for any reason other than the Non-Employee Director’s death, the Non-Employee Director’s Restricted Stock Units shall terminate to the extent such Restricted Stock Units have not become vested prior to the first date the Non-Employee Director is no longer a member of the Board, and the Non-Employee Director shall have no rights with respect to, or in respect of, such terminated Restricted Stock Units. If the Non-Employee Director ceases to serve as a member of the Board due to his or her death, the Non-Employee Director’s unvested Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest as of the date of the Non-Employee Director’s death. 2 (d) SETTLEMENT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. On or as soon as administratively practical following the applicable Vesting Date (and in all events not later than two and one-half months after the applicable Vesting Date), the Company shall deliver to the Non-Employee Director a number of Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units that vested on the applicable Vesting Date. Upon settlement of any Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the foregoing provision of this Section 4(d) and settlement of any Dividend Equivalent Right in accordance with Section 4(f), the Non-Employee Director shall have no further rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units that are so paid. (e) SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS. A Non-Employee Director shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly set forth in Section 4(f) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such Restricted Stock Units until such Shares have been issued to the Non-Employee Director pursuant to Section 4(d). Except for any Dividend Equivalent Rights awarded pursuant to Section 4(f) or as provided in Section 7, no adjustment shall be made in respect of any Restricted Stock Units for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of any share for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Non-Employee Director shall become the holder of record of Shares related thereto. (f) DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS DISTRIBUTIONS. As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Common Stock, the Company shall credit the Non-Employee Directors with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per Share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of Restricted Stock Units (including as such total number may be adjusted pursuant to Section 7) subject to the Award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 4(f) shall be subject to the same vesting, settlement and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Section 4(f) with respect to any Restricted Stock Units which, immediately prior to the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section 4(d) or terminated pursuant to Section 4(c). 5. OPTIONS. (a) NO ADDITIONAL GRANTS. No Options shall be granted under the Plan unless and until the Board determines that the grant of Options is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. (b) EXERCISE PRICE. The per share exercise price of each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the date of grant of the Option determined in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. (c) VESTING. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement at the time of grant, Options shall be fully vested and immediately exercisable on their date of grant. 3 (d) TERM OF OPTIONS. i. TEN-YEAR TERM. Each Option shall expire ten (10) years from its date of grant, subject to earlier termination as provided herein. ii. TERMINATION OF SERVICE. Upon cessation of a Non-Employee Director’s service as a member of the Board for any reason other than death, any of the Non-Employee Director’s Options (or any portion thereof) that is not then vested shall terminate, and the Non-Employee Director shall have no rights with respect to, or in respect of, such terminated Options. If the Non-Employee Director ceases to serve as a member of the Board due to his or her death, the Non-Employee Director’s Options shall fully vest as of the date of the Non-Employee Director’s death. iii. EXERCISE FOLLOWING TERMINATIONS OF SERVICE. If a Non-Employee Director ceases to be a member of the Board for any reason other than death, any Options granted to such Non-Employee Director that are exercisable at the time of the Non-Employee Director’s termination may be exercised by such Non-Employee Director at any time within ninety (90) days after the date of such Non-Employee Director’s termination of service, subject to the earlier expiration of such Options as provided for in Section 5(d)(i) above. At the end of such ninety-day period, any unexercised portion of the Option shall expire. If a Non-Employee Director ceases to be a member of the Board by reason of such Non-Employee Director’s death, all of the Options granted to the Non-Employee Director may be exercised by his or her Beneficiary at any time within three (3) years after the date of the Non-Employee Director’s death, subject to the earlier expiration of such Options as provided for in Section 5(d)(i) above. At the end of such three (3)-year period, any unexercised portion of the Option shall expire. (e) TIME AND MANNER OF EXERCISE OF OPTIONS. i. NOTICE OF EXERCISE. Subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, a Non-Employee Director may exercise any Option, to the extent such Option is vested, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company; provided, however, that in no event shall an Option be exercisable for a fractional share. The date of exercise of an Option shall be the later of (A) the date on which the Company receives such written notice and (B) the date on which the Non-Employee Director pays the applicable consideration pursuant to Section 5(e)(ii). ii. METHOD OF EXERCISE. The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option may consist of (A) cash, (B) check, (C) other Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which the Option shall be exercised, (D) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to sell Shares and promptly deliver to the Company the amount of proceeds required to pay the exercise price, or (E) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any vested and exercisable Options may also be Net Exercised, to the extent permitted by the Administrator. iii. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS. A Non-Employee Director shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option until such Shares shall have been issued to the Non-Employee Director pursuant to Section 5(e), and, except as provided in Section 7, no adjustment shall be made to an Option or Share issued upon the exercise thereof for dividends, distributions or other rights in respect of any Share for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Non-Employee Director shall become the holder of record thereof. 4 (f) ISSUANCE OF SHARES. Subject to the foregoing conditions, as soon as is reasonably practicable after its receipt of a proper notice of exercise and, if applicable, payment of the exercise price of the Option for the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised, the Company shall deliver to the Non-Employee Director (or following the Non-Employee Director’s death, the Beneficiary entitled to exercise the Option), at the principal office of the Company or at such other location as may be acceptable to the Company and the Non-Employee Director (or such Beneficiary), the appropriate number of Shares to be issued in connection with such exercise. Delivery of such Shares shall be evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company, or in such other manner that the Administrator shall specify from time to time. Shares sold in connection with a “cashless exercise” shall be delivered to the broker referred to therein in accordance with procedures established by the Company from time to time. 6. RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER. An Award may not be transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that, with the approval of the Administrator, an Award may be transferred to a Non-Employee Director’s family members or to one or more trusts established in whole or in part for the benefit of one or more of such family members. An Option shall be exercisable, during the Non-Employee Director’s lifetime, only by the Non-Employee Director or by the individual or entity to whom the Option has been transferred in accordance with the previous sentence. No assignment or transfer of an Award, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right in the Award, but immediately upon any attempt to assign or transfer the Award the same shall terminate and be of no force or effect. 7. ADJUSTMENTS. (a) Upon (or, as may be necessary to effect the adjustment, immediately prior to) any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including a stock split in the form of a stock dividend) or reverse stock split; any merger, combination, consolidation or other reorganization; any spin-off, split-up, split-off or extraordinary dividend distribution in respect of the Common Stock; or any exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or any similar, unusual or extraordinary corporate transaction in respect of the Common Stock, the Administrator shall equitably and proportionately adjust (1) the number and type of Shares (or other securities) that thereafter may be made the subject of Awards (including the Share Limit, maximums and number of Shares set forth elsewhere in the Plan), (2) the number, amount and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to any outstanding Awards, (3) the exercise price of any outstanding Options, and/or (4) the securities, cash or other property deliverable upon exercise or settlement of any outstanding Awards, in each case to the extent necessary to preserve (but not increase) the level of incentives intended by the Plan and the then-outstanding Awards. Any good faith determination by the Administrator as to whether an adjustment is required in the circumstances pursuant to this Section 7(a), and the extent and nature of any such adjustment, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. (b) It is intended that, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, any adjustments contemplated by Section 7(a) be made in a manner that satisfies applicable legal, tax (including, without limitation and as applicable in the circumstances, Code Section 409A) and accounting (so as to not trigger any charge to earnings with respect to such adjustment) requirements. (c) Any adjustment under this Section 7 need not be the same for all persons or Awards. 5 8. CHANGE OF CONTROL. Upon the occurrence of any Change of Control, any then outstanding Award automatically shall become vested or exercisable, as the case may be, with respect to a prorated portion of the number of Shares subject to such Award, determined as follows: (a) CLIFF-VESTING AWARDS. If the Award has one scheduled Vesting Date, the portion of the Award with respect to the following number of Shares shall vest upon the Change of Control: (i) the number of Shares subject to such Award, multiplied by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed from and including the date the Award was granted to the date of the Change of Control, and (B) the denominator is the number of days from and including the date of grant to and including the scheduled Vesting Date. (b) INSTALLMENT-VESTING AWARDS. If the Award has multiple scheduled Vesting Dates, the portion of the Award with respect to the following number of Shares shall vest upon the Change of Control: (i) the number of Shares subject to the portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest on the first Vesting Date that is scheduled to occur following the Change of Control, multiplied by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed following and excluding the most recent Vesting Date prior to the Change of Control, and (B) the denominator is the number of days from and excluding such most recent Vesting Date to and including the first Vesting Date that is scheduled to occur following the Change of Control. 9. DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY. (a) BENEFICIARY DESIGNATIONS. Each Non-Employee Director may designate a Beneficiary to exercise an Option or receive settlement of an Award upon the Non-Employee Director’s death by executing a Beneficiary Designation Form and delivering it to the Administrator. (b) CHANGE OF BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. A Non-Employee Director may change an earlier Beneficiary designation by executing a later Beneficiary Designation Form and delivering it to the Administrator. The execution of a Beneficiary Designation Form and its receipt by the Administrator shall revoke and rescind any prior Beneficiary Designation Form. 10. TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN. (a) TERMINATION. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan shall terminate on February 23, 2036. Following such date, no further grants of Awards shall be made pursuant to the Plan. (b) GENERAL POWER OF BOARD. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Board may at any time and from time to time terminate, modify, suspend or amend the Plan in whole or in part (including amend the Plan at any time and from time to time, without shareholder approval, to prospectively change the value and relative mixture of Restricted Stock Units and Options subject to Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors on the date of each Annual Meeting or upon becoming a Non-Employee Director and the methodology for determining the number of Shares to be subject to such Awards, each within the Share Limit and the individual limit set forth in Section 3, and the other terms and conditions applicable to such Awards) or, subject to Sections 10(c) and 10(d), amend the terms of any outstanding Award; provided, however, that no such termination, modification, suspension or amendment shall be effective without shareholder approval if such approval is required to comply with any applicable law or stock exchange rule; and provided further that the Board may not, without shareholder approval, increase the maximum number of Shares issuable under the Plan except as provided in Section 7. For avoidance of doubt, the Board may, without shareholder approval, provide on a prospective basis for grants under the Plan to consist of Options only, Restricted Stock Units only, or a combination of Options and Restricted Stock Units on such terms and conditions, subject to the Share Limit and the other express limits of the Plan, as may be established by the Board. 6 (c) WHEN NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS’ CONSENTS REQUIRED. The Board may not alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan, or amend the terms of any outstanding Award, without the consent of any Non-Employee Director to the extent that such action would adversely affect his or her rights with respect to Awards that have previously been granted, except to the extent such action is necessary to comply with applicable law or stock exchange listing rules or accounting rules. (d) NO REPRICING. In no case (except due to an adjustment contemplated by Section 7 or any repricing that may be approved by shareholders) shall any action be taken with respect to the Plan or any Option hereunder that would constitute a repricing (by amendment, substitution, cancellation and regrant, exchange or other means, including any action that is treated as a repricing under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of the per Share exercise price of any Option. 11. MISCELLANEOUS. (a) NO RIGHT TO NOMINATION. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to create any obligation on the part of the Board to nominate any of its members for reelection by the Company’s shareholders, nor confer upon any Non-Employee Director the right to remain a member of the Board for any period of time, or at any particular rate of compensation. (b) REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS. The Administrator may require each Non-Employee Director or any other person purchasing or acquiring Shares pursuant to the Plan to agree with the Company in writing that such Non-Employee Director is acquiring the Shares for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof or provide such other assurances and representations to the Company as the Administrator may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal and accounting requirements. Shares delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed, and any applicable federal or state securities law. No Shares shall be issued hereunder unless the Company shall have determined that such issuance is in compliance with, or pursuant to an exemption from, all applicable federal and state securities laws. (c) EXPENSES. The costs and expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company. (d) APPLICABLE LAW. Except as to matters of federal law, the Plan and all actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and applicable U.S. federal laws without giving effect to conflicts of law principles. (e) SEVERABILITY. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Plan shall continue in effect. (f) SECTION HEADINGS; INTERPRETATION. Captions and headings are given to the sections and subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof. (g) AUTHORITY OF THE COMPANY AND SHAREHOLDERS. The existence of the Plan shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company’s capital structure or business of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or change in the ownership of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iii) any issue of bonds, debentures, capital, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the capital stock (or the rights thereof) of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) any dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary, (v) any sale or transfer of all or any part of the assets or business of the Company or any Subsidiary, (vi) the payment at the discretion of the Board of any type or form of compensation to Non-Employee Directors that may be made at law and without contravention of any requirement of the principal exchange upon which the Shares are traded, or (vii) any other corporate act or proceeding by the Company or any Subsidiary, whether of a similar character or otherwise. No Non-Employee Director, beneficiary or other person shall have any claim under any Award or Award Agreement against any member of the Board or the Company, or any employees, officers or agents of the Company or any Subsidiary, as a result of any such action. 7 12. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized words not otherwise defined in the Plan have the meanings set forth below: “ADMINISTRATOR” means the Board. The Board may delegate ministerial, non-discretionary functions to individuals who are officers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to third parties. “ANNUAL MEETING” means the first annual meeting of the Company’s shareholders at which members of the Board are elected following the applicable fiscal year of the Company or the applicable date, as the context may require. By way of example, the Annual Meeting following the Company’s 2016 fiscal year occurred on February 28, 2017. “AWARD” means an award of Options or Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. “AWARD AGREEMENT” means any agreement that evidences an Award granted under the Plan. Award Agreements shall consist of either (1) a written award agreement in a form approved by the Administrator, or (2) an electronic notice of award grant in a form approved by the Administrator and recorded by the Company (or its designee) in an electronic recordkeeping system used for the purpose of tracking award grants under the Plan generally, as the Administrator may provide and, in each case and if required by the Administrator, executed or otherwise electronically accepted by the recipient of the Award in such form and manner as the Administrator may require. “BENEFICIARY” means an individual or entity designated by a Non-Employee Director on a Beneficiary Designation Form to exercise Options or receive settlement of Awards in the event of the Non-Employee Director’s death; provided, however, that, if no such individual or entity is designated or if no such designated individual is alive at the time of the Non-Employee Director’s death, Beneficiary shall mean the Non-Employee Director’s estate. “BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION FORM” means a document, in a form approved by the Administrator to be used by Non-Employee Directors to name their respective Beneficiaries. No Beneficiary Designation Form shall be effective unless it is signed by the Non-Employee Director and received by the Administrator prior to the date of death of the Non-Employee Director. “BOARD” means the Board of Directors of the Company. “CHANGE OF CONTROL” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: (i) An acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (an “Acquirer”) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 50% or more of either (1) the then outstanding Shares (the “Outstanding Company Common Stock”) or (2) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the “Outstanding Company Voting Securities”); provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, (2) any acquisition by the Company, (3) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any entity controlled by the Company, or (4) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (1), (2) and (3) of subsection (iii) of this definition; 8 (ii) A change in the composition of the Board such that the individuals who, as of February 13, 2018, constitute the Board (the “Incumbent Board”) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that, for purposes of this subsection (ii), any individual who becomes a member of the Board subsequent to February 13, 2018 whose election, or nomination for election by the Company’s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board and who were also members of the Incumbent Board (or deemed to be such pursuant to this proviso) shall be considered members of the Incumbent Board; provided further, that any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an Acquirer other than the Board shall not be considered a member of the Incumbent Board; (iii) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or securities of another entity by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a “Business Combination”), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including an entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (2) no Acquirer (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (3) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent body or committee) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or (iv) The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. “CODE” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “COMMON STOCK” means the common stock of the Company or any other class of securities of the Company or any successor in interest thereto to which any award under the Plan relates by reason of an adjustment under Section 7. “COMPANY” means Apple Inc., a California corporation, or any successor to substantially all of its business. “EXCHANGE ACT” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “FAIR MARKET VALUE” means, unless otherwise determined or provided by the Administrator in the circumstances, the last price (in regular trading) for a Share on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Market”) for the date in question or, if no sales of Shares were reported on the Market on that date, the last price (in regular trading) for a Share on the Market for the next preceding day on which sales of Shares were reported on the Market. The Administrator may, however, provide with respect to one or more Awards that the Fair Market Value shall equal the last price for a Share on the Market on the last trading day preceding the date in question or the average of the high and low trading prices of a Share on the Market for the date in question or the most recent trading day. If Shares are no longer listed or are no longer actively traded on the Market as of the applicable date, the Fair Market Value of a Share shall be the value as reasonably determined by the Administrator for purposes of the Award in the circumstances. The Administrator also may adopt a different methodology for determining Fair Market Value with respect to one or more Awards if a different methodology is necessary or advisable to secure any intended favorable tax, legal or other treatment for the particular Awards (for example, and without limitation, the Administrator may provide that Fair Market Value for purposes of one or more Awards shall be based on an average of closing prices (or the average of high and low daily trading prices) for a specified period preceding the relevant date). 9 “NET EXERCISED” shall mean the exercise of an Option or any portion thereof by the delivery to the person exercising such Option of the greatest number of whole Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise not in excess of the difference between the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the Option (or the portion of such Option then being exercised) and the aggregate exercise price for all such Shares under the Option (or the portion thereof then being exercised), with any fractional share that would result from such equation to be payable in cash. “NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR” means a member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. “OPTION” means an option to purchase Shares awarded to a Non-Employee Director under the Plan. “RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT” means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Share, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, and represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. “SHARE” means one share of Common Stock. “SUBSIDIARY” means any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company. An entity that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. “VESTING DATE” means, with respect to a particular Award, the date on which the Award vests in whole or in part. “VOTING SECURITIES” means, with respect to any corporation, securities of such corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of such corporation. 10 EX-10.2 3 ef20065677_ex10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 Exhibit 10.2 APPLE INC. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK PLAN (as amended and restated effective February 24, 2026) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT NOTICE OF GRANT Name: (the “Non-Employee Director”) Grant Number: No. of Units Subject to Award: Award Date: Vesting Date: This restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award, which are attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. You do not have to accept the Award. If you wish to decline your Award, you should promptly notify Apple Inc.’s Stock Plan Group of your decision at peoplesupport@apple.com. If you do not provide such notification within thirty (30) days after the Award Date, you will be deemed to have accepted your Award on the terms and conditions set forth herein. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 1. General. These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award (these “Terms”) apply to a particular restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice of Grant (the “Grant Notice”) corresponding to that particular grant. The recipient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Non-Employee Director.” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Award Date.” The Award was granted under and is subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as amended and restated on November 4, 2025 (the “Plan”). Capitalized terms are defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Award has been granted to the Non-Employee Director in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other form of compensation otherwise payable or to be paid to the Non-Employee Director. The Grant Notice and these Terms are collectively referred to as the “Award Agreement” applicable to the Award. 2. Stock Units. As used herein, the term “Stock Unit” shall mean a non-voting unit of measurement which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding share of the Company’s Common Stock (“Share”) solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to eventually be made to the Non-Employee Director if such Stock Units vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind. 3. Vesting. Subject to Section 8 below and Section 4 of the Plan, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant Notice. The vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice or the date on which the award otherwise vests in accordance with Section 8(b) below is referred to herein as the “Vesting Date.” 4. Continuance of Service. The vesting of the Award requires continued service as a member of the Board through the Vesting Date as a condition to the vesting of the Award and the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Service as a member of the Board for only a portion of the vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Non-Employee Director to any proportionate vesting or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon or following a termination of service as provided in Section 8 below and in the Plan. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be deemed to create any obligation on the part of the Board to nominate any of its members for reelection by the Company’s shareholders, nor confer upon the Non-Employee Director the right to remain a member of the Board for any period of time, or at any particular rate of compensation. Nothing in this Section 4, however, is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Non-Employee Director without his or her consent thereto. 5. Dividend and Voting Rights. (a) Limitations on Rights Associated with Stock Units. The Non-Employee Director shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights with respect to the Stock Units or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such Stock Units until such Shares are actually issued to and held of record by the Non-Employee Director. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Non-Employee Director will become the holder of record thereof. 2 (b) Dividend Equivalent Rights. As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Common Stock, the Company shall credit the Non-Employee Director with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of Stock Units (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan) subject to the Award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original Stock Units to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Section 5(b) with respect to any Stock Units which, immediately prior to the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8. 6. Restrictions on Transfer. Except as provided in Section 6 of the Plan, the Award, the Dividend Equivalent Rights and any interest therein or amount or Shares payable in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily. 7. Timing and Manner of Payment of Stock Units. On or as soon as administratively practical following the Vesting Date (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ½) months after the Vesting Date), the Company shall deliver to the Non-Employee Director a number of Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) equal to the number of Stock Units subject to the Award that vest on the Vesting Date. The Non-Employee Director shall have no further rights with respect to any Stock Units that are so paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 8(a). 8. Effect of Termination of Service. (a) If the Non-Employee Director ceases to serve as a member of the Board for any reason other than death, the Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent such Stock Units have not become vested prior to the first date the Non-Employee Director is no longer a member of the Board, and the Non-Employee Director will have no rights with respect to, or in respect of, such terminated Stock Units. (b) If the Non-Employee Director ceases to serve as a member of the Board due to his or her death, the Non-Employee Director’s unvested Stock Units shall fully vest as of the date of the Non-Employee Director’s death. 9. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Company’s stock contemplated by Section 7 of the Plan, the Board shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of Stock Units then outstanding and the number and type of securities that may be issued in respect of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend Equivalent Rights are credited pursuant to Section 5(b). 3 10. Responsibility for Taxes. The Non-Employee Director agrees to report and pay any and all income tax, social insurance, or payroll taxes (“Tax-Related Items”) that arise as a result of the grant, vesting or settlement of the Award, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights. The Company is not responsible for withholding with regard to the Tax-Related Items. However, the Company reserves the right to withhold any Tax-Related Items to the extent circumstances change and it is required to do so. In this regard, the Non-Employee Director authorizes the Company, at its discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, to satisfy any withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following methods: (a) withholding from cash amounts otherwise payable to the Non-Employee Director by the Company; (b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares or from otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to be issued or paid upon settlement of the Award (c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Non-Employee Director (on the Non-Employee Director’s behalf and at the Non-Employee Director’s direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling Shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the Plan or other plans of the Company; or (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Award. The Company may refuse to distribute the Shares or other property credited to the Non-Employee Director if the Non-Employee Director fails to comply with the Non-Employee Director’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Section 10. 11. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or request the Non-Employee Director’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Non-Employee Director hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an online or voice activated system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. 12. Data Privacy. The Non-Employee Director acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this Section 12. The Company and its related entities may hold certain personal information about the Non-Employee Director, including the Non-Employee Director’s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, compensation, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Non-Employee Director’s favor (“Data”), for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan. The Company and its related entities may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the Non-Employee Director’s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its related entities may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Non-Employee Director acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Non-Employee Director’s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Non-Employee Director’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the Non-Employee Director may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 13. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Non-Employee Director at the Non-Employee Director’s last address reflected on the Company’s records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the Non-Employee Director is no longer a member of the Board, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government. 4 14. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Non-Employee Director under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Non-Employee Director agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Non-Employee Director acknowledges having read and understood the Plan and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the Non-Employee Director unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board so conferred by appropriate action of the Board under the Plan after the date hereof. 15. Entire Agreement. This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. The Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests of the Non-Employee Director hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof. 16. Limitation on the Non-Employee Director’s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Non-Employee Director shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the Stock Units, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured creditor with respect to Stock Units, as and when payable hereunder. 17. Counterparts. This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 18. Section Headings. The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof. 19. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California and applicable U.S. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder. 20. Choice of Venue. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed. 21. Construction. It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent. 5 22. Severability. The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 23. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Non-Employee Director’s participation in the Plan, on the Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Non-Employee Director to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 6