Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Completion of Concurrent Public Offerings of Common Stock and Convertible Senior Notes. On September 14, 2016, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) completed its registered underwritten public offering of 100 million shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“Common Stock”), at a public offering price of $6.00 per share, pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the “Equity Underwriting Agreement”) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (collectively, the “Representatives”), as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the “Common Stock Offering”), and the concurrent registered underwritten public offering of $700 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 2.125% convertible senior notes due 2026 (the “Notes”) pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the “Notes Underwriting Agreement” and, together with the Equity Underwriting Agreement, the “Underwriting Agreements”) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the “Notes Offering”). The Company also granted to the Equity Underwriters (as defined below) a 30-day option to purchase up to 15 million additional shares of Common Stock. In addition, the Company granted a 30-day option to the Notes Underwriters (as defined below) to purchase up to an additional $105 million aggregate principal amount of Notes, solely to cover over-allotments. The Shares and the Notes (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes) have been registered pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-213513) (the “Registration Statement”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), including the prospectus supplements filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) under the Act, in each case, dated September 8, 2016 (each, a “Prospectus Supplement” and together, the “Prospectus Supplements”), to the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, dated September 6, 2016. The resulting aggregate net proceeds to the Company from the Common Stock Offering were approximately $580.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts totaling approximately $19.5 million and estimated expenses. The resulting aggregate net proceeds to the Company from the Notes Offering were approximately $680.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts totaling approximately $19.3 million and estimated expenses. Base Indenture and Supplemental Indenture. The Company issued the Notes under an indenture dated as of September 14, 2016 (the “Base Indenture”), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of September 14, 2016, between the Company and the Trustee (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”). The Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.125% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears, on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2017. The Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company and (i) rank equal in right of payment with the Company’s other senior unsecured indebtedness, (ii) rank senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the Notes, (iii) are effectively subordinated to all of the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and (iv) are structurally subordinated in right of payment to the claims of the Company’s subsidiaries creditors (including trade creditors). The Notes will mature on September 1, 2026 (the “Maturity Date”), unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 1, 2026, the Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ended on September 30, 2016 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the “Measurement Period”) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after June 1, 2026 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company’s election. The initial conversion rate of 125.0031 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $8.00 per share of Common Stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) involving the Company, holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date and no “sinking fund” is provided for the Notes, which means that the Company is not required to redeem or retire the Notes periodically. The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants and events of default. If an event of default (as defined therein) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes to be due and payable. In the case of an event of default arising out of certain bankruptcy or insolvency events (as set forth in the Indenture), 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will automatically become due and payable. A copy of the Base Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Supplemental Indenture, including the form of Note, is filed as Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Notes and the Indenture in this Current Report is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Indenture and the form of Note included therein. The Base Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the Form of Note are also filed with reference to, and are hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off- Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information required by this Item 2.03 relating to the Notes and the Indenture is contained in Item 1.01 above and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. On September 8, 2016, the Company entered into the Equity Underwriting Agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the “Equity Underwriters”). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to the Equity Underwriters, and the Equity Underwriters agreed to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 100 million shares of Common Stock, at a public offering price of $6.00 per share. The Company also granted the Equity Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 15 million shares of Common Stock. The parties have agreed to indemnify each other against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Act. On September 8, 2016, the Company also entered into the Notes Underwriting Agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the “Notes Underwriters” and together with the Equity Underwriters, the “Underwriters”). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to the Notes Underwriters, and the Notes Underwriters agreed to purchase from the Company, $700 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. The Company also granted the Notes Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional $105 million aggregate principal amount of Notes, solely to cover over-allotments. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes Underwriting Agreement, the parties have agreed to indemnify each other against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Act. A copy of the Equity Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference, and the description of the terms of the Equity Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. A copy of the Notes Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference, and the description of the terms of the Notes Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. The Underwriting Agreements are also filed with reference to, and are hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement. Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreements, the Company and all of the Company’s directors and executive officers also agreed not to sell or transfer any Common Stock held by them for 90 days after September 6, 2016 without first obtaining the written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, subject to certain exceptions, as described in the Prospectus Supplements. Attached as Exhibit 5.1 and Exhibit 5.2 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference are copies of the opinions of Latham & Watkins LLP relating to the validity of the Shares sold in the Common Stock Offering and the validity of the Notes sold in the Notes Offering, respectively (the “Legal Opinions”). The Legal Opinions are also filed with reference to, and are hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, dated September 8, 2016. 1.2 Underwriting Agreement by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, dated September 8, 2016. 4.1 Indenture between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, dated September 14, 2016. 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture governing the 2.125% Senior Notes due 2026, including the form of the 2.125% Note, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, dated September 14, 2016. 5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP. 5.2 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP. 23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 23.2 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: September 14, 2016 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Devinder Kumar Name: Devinder Kumar Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer EXHIBIT INDEX ExhibitNo. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, dated September 8, 2016. 1.2 Underwriting Agreement by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, dated September 8, 2016. 4.1 Indenture between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, dated September 14, 2016. 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture governing the 2.125% Senior Notes due 2026, including the form of the 2.125% Note, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, dated September 14, 2016. 5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP. 5.2 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP. 23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 23.2 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2). EX-1.1 2 d258400dex11.htm EX-1.1 EX-1.1 Exhibit 1.1 Execution Version ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. 100,000,000 Shares of Common Stock Underwriting Agreement September 8, 2016 J. P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC As Representatives of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10179 c/o Barclays Capital Inc. 745 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 c/o Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 11 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10010 Ladies and Gentlemen: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the “Underwriters”), for whom you are acting as representatives (the “Representatives”), an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Underwritten Shares”) and, at the option of the Underwriters, up to an additional 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Option Shares”) if and to the extent that the Underwriters shall have determined to exercise the option to purchase such Option Shares granted to the Underwriters in Section 2 hereof. The Underwritten Shares and the Option Shares are herein referred to as the “Shares.” The shares of Common Stock of the Company to be outstanding after giving effect to the sale of the Shares are referred to herein as the “Stock.” The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the several Underwriters concerning the purchase and sale of the Shares, as follows: 1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Securities Act”), a registration statement (File No. 333-213513), including a prospectus, relating to the Shares and certain other debt and equity securities to be issued by the Company from time to time. Such registration statement, as amended at the time it became effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the time of its effectiveness (“Rule 430 Information”), is referred to herein as the “Registration Statement”; and as used herein, the term “Preliminary Prospectus” means the preliminary prospectus supplement of the Company dated September 6, 2016 and filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act together with the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness that omitted Rule 430 Information, and the term “Prospectus” means the final prospectus supplement in the form first furnished to the Underwriters (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) for use in connection with confirmation of sales of the Shares together with the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness that omitted Rule 430 Information. If the Company has filed an abbreviated registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (the “Rule 462 Registration Statement”), then any reference herein to the term “Registration Statement” shall be deemed to include such Rule 462 Registration Statement. Any reference in this underwriting agreement (this “Agreement”) to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, as of the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, and any reference to “amend,” “amendment” or “supplement” with respect to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed after such date under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Exchange Act”) that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. At or prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below), the Company had prepared the following information (collectively, the “Pricing Disclosure Package”): a Preliminary Prospectus dated September 6, 2016 and each “free-writing prospectus” (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed on Annex A hereto. “Applicable Time” means 10:30 P.M., New York City time, on September 8, 2016. 2. Purchase of the Shares by the Underwriters. (a) The Company agrees to issue and sell the Underwritten Shares to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement, and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective number of Underwritten Shares set forth opposite such Underwriter’s name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price per share (the “Purchase Price”) of $5.805. In addition, the Company agrees to issue and sell the Option Shares to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement, and the Underwriters, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, shall have the option to purchase, severally and not jointly, from the Company the Option Shares at the Purchase Price less an amount per share equal to any dividends or distributions declared by the Company and payable on the Underwritten Shares but not payable on the Option Shares. If any Option Shares are to be purchased, the number of Option Shares to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be the number of Option Shares which bears the same ratio to the aggregate number of Option Shares being purchased as the number of Underwritten Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule 1 hereto (or such number increased as set forth in Section 10 hereof) bears to the aggregate number of Underwritten Shares being purchased from the Company by the several Underwriters, subject, however, to such adjustments to eliminate any fractional Shares as the Representatives in their sole discretion shall make. 2 The Underwriters may exercise the option to purchase Option Shares at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or before the thirtieth day following the date of this Agreement, by written notice from the Representatives to the Company. Such notice shall set forth the aggregate number of Option Shares as to which the option is being exercised and the date and time when the Option Shares are to be delivered and paid for, which may be the same date and time as the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) but shall not be earlier than the Closing Date nor later than the tenth full business day (as hereinafter defined) after the date of such notice (unless such time and date are postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof). Except with respect to Option Shares to be purchased on the Closing Date (for which notice shall be given at least one business day prior to the Closing Date unless the Company otherwise agrees), any such notice shall be given at least two business days prior to the date and time of delivery specified therein. (b) The Company understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the Shares as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Representatives is advisable, and initially to offer the Shares on the terms set forth in the Prospectus. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Shares to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Shares purchased by it to or through any Underwriter. (c) Payment for the Shares shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Company to the Representatives in the case of the Underwritten Shares, at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 140 Scott Drive, Menlo Park, California 94025, at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on September 14, 2016, or at such other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing or, in the case of the Option Shares, on the date and at the time and place specified by the Representatives in the written notice of the Underwriters’ election to purchase such Option Shares. The time and date of such payment for the Underwritten Shares is referred to herein as the “Closing Date,” and the time and date for such payment for the Option Shares, if other than the Closing Date, is herein referred to as the “Additional Closing Date.” Payment for the Shares to be purchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall be made against delivery to Barclays Capital Inc. for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters of the Shares to be purchased on such date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of such Shares duly paid by the Company. Delivery of the Shares shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. The certificates for the Shares will be made available for inspection and packaging by the Representatives at the office of DTC or its designated custodian not later than 1:00 P.M., New York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (d) The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Underwriter is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the offering of Shares contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Underwriters shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Underwriters of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Underwriters and shall not be on behalf of the Company. 3 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter that: (a) Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and no Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (b) Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Pricing Disclosure Package, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. No statement of material fact included in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Pricing Disclosure Package and no statement of material fact included in the Pricing Disclosure Package that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. (c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Other than the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not prepared, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve or refer to any “written communication” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clause (i) below) an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus”) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (ii) the documents listed on Annex A hereto, each electronic road show and any other written communications approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, and, when taken together with any other Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a 4 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (d) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Registration Statement is an “automatic shelf registration statement” as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of such registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Shares has been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Prospectus does not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to (i) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the trustee under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or (ii) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (e) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Pricing Disclosure Package, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Pricing Disclosure Package, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 5 (f) Financial Statements. The financial statements (including the related notes thereto) of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash flows for the periods specified; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except in the case of unaudited financial statements, which are subject to normal year-end adjustments and do not contain certain footnotes as permitted by the applicable rules of the Commission; and any supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein; and the other financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and presents fairly in all material respects the information shown thereby. (g) No Material Adverse Change. There has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package provided to prospective purchasers of the Shares. (h) Organization and Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing and is a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, or on the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement (a “Material Adverse Effect”). Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation or other entity in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, has the corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. (i) Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading “Capitalization”; all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject to any pre-emptive or similar rights that have not been duly waived or satisfied; except as described in or expressly contemplated by the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding rights (including, without limitation, pre-emptive rights), warrants or options to acquire, or instruments convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock or other 6 equity interest in the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind relating to the issuance of any capital stock of the Company or any such subsidiary, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or any such rights, warrants or options; the capital stock of the Company conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and all the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each subsidiary owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (except for shares of any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company held by directors or nominees pursuant to the requirements of the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, of such subsidiary and which in the aggregate amount represents less than one percent of the outstanding capital stock of such subsidiary) and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, restriction on voting or transfer or any other similar claim of any third party. (j) Due Authorization. The Company has full right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly and validly taken. (k) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (l) The Shares. The Shares to be issued and sold by the Company hereunder have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable and will conform to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the issuance of the Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights that have not been duly waived or satisfied. (m) Descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (n) No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in contravention of (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or such subsidiary, (iii)(A) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2015, by and among the Company, AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd., ATI Technologies ULC and Bank of America, N.A., as amended by the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2015, as further amended by the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2016 and as further amended by the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016 (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), (iv) or any judgment, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary, except in the case of clauses (i), (iii)(A) and (iv) for such contravention which would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 7 (o) No Conflicts. The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not contravene (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii)(A) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the Credit Agreement or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries. (p) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, license, registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act and such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) and under applicable state securities laws and securities laws of various provinces in Canada in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Shares by the Underwriters. (q) Legal Proceedings. Other than proceedings described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (which descriptions are accurate in all material respects), there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject that would have a Material Adverse Effect. (r) Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, who have certified certain financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, are independent registered public accountants with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Rule 101 of the Code of Professional Conduct of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and its interpretations and rulings thereunder and as required by the Securities Act. (s) Title to Real and Personal Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple (in the case of real property) to, or have valid and marketable rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and personal property and assets that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of title except those that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries or (ii) could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. (t) Title to Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted or as proposed in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted except where the failure to own or possess or otherwise be able to acquire such Intellectual Property would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set 8 forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no material infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual Property; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (iv) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (v) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no U.S. patent or published U.S. patent application which contains claims that dominate or may dominate any Intellectual Property described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or that interferes with the issued or pending claims or any such Intellectual Property; and (vi) there is no prior art of which the Company is aware that may render any U.S. patent held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries invalid or any U.S. patent application held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries unpatentable which has not been disclosed to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, except for the foregoing items set forth in clauses (i) through (vi) of this subparagraph, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (u) Investment Company Act. None of the Company and its subsidiaries is and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company and its subsidiaries will be, required to register as an “investment company” as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Investment Company Act”). (v) Taxes. All material tax returns required to be filed by the Company and each of its subsidiaries in any jurisdiction have been filed, other than those filings to which the Company or its subsidiaries has requested extensions or are being contested in good faith, and all material taxes, including withholding taxes, penalties and interest, assessments, fees and other charges due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any of its subsidiaries have been paid, other than those being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been provided. (w) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and except as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or would not have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, permit or authorization or has any reason to believe that any such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. (x) No Labor Disputes. (i) No significant unfair labor practice complaint is pending against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened 9 against any of them, before the National Labor Relations Board or any state or local labor relations board; (ii) no significant grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement is pending against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of them; and (iii) no labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any subsidiary exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent except in each case, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (y) Compliance with and Liability under Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. (z) Compliance with ERISA. Except as set forth or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, with respect to each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), for which the Company or any member of its “Controlled Group” (defined as any organization which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)), would have any liability, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has violated any provisions of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except for violations which, singly or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. (aa) Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective system of “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. (bb) Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, maintain a system of “internal control over financial reporting” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance 10 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly present the information called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the Company’s internal controls. The Company’s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. (cc) eXtensible Business Reporting Language. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly present the information called for in all material respects and have been prepared in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. (dd) Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain insurance covering their properties, operations, personnel and businesses. Such insurance insures against such losses and risks as are adequate in accordance with customary industry practice to protect the Company and each of its subsidiaries and its businesses. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that substantial capital improvements or other expenditures will have to be made in order to continue such insurance, except where such improvements and expenditures to be made would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. All such insurance is outstanding and duly in force on the date hereof and will be outstanding and duly in force as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (ee) No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, 11 offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. (ff) Compliance with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. (gg) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a “specially designated national” or “blocked person,” the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Instruments (Canada), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”)), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering of the Shares hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or is in Burma/Myanmar, Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria (each, a “Sanctioned Country”) or in any other country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. For the past five years, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. (hh) No Broker’s Fees. None of the Company and its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of them or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finder’s fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares. (ii) No Registration Rights. No person has the right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register any securities for sale under the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission or the issuance and sale of the Shares, except as such rights have been waived or satisfied. 12 (jj) No Stabilization. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, without giving effect to activities by the Underwriters, any action designed to or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares. (kk) Margin Rules. The application of the proceeds received by the Company from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. (ll) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. (mm) Status under the Securities Act. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or any offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) of the Shares and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an “ineligible issuer,” and is a well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has paid the registration fee for this offering pursuant to Rule 456(b)(1) under the Securities Act or will pay such fee within the time period required by such rule (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing Date. 4. Further Agreements of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: (a) Required Filings. The Company will file the final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto) to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares; and will furnish copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the Underwriters in New York City prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, in such quantities as the Representatives may reasonably request. (b) Delivery of Copies. The Company will deliver, without charge, (i) to the Representatives, four signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto, in each case including all exhibits and consents filed therewith and documents incorporated by reference therein; and (ii) to each Underwriter (A) a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) and (B) during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), as many copies of the Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) as the Representatives may reasonably request. As used herein, the term “Prospectus Delivery Period” means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Shares as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Shares is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Shares by any Underwriter or dealer. 13 (c) Amendments or Supplements, Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Before preparing, using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, whether before or after the time that the Registration Statement becomes effective, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve, refer to or file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably object. (d) Notice to the Representatives. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly, and confirm such advice in writing (which may be by email), (i) when the Registration Statement has become effective; (ii) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (iii) when any supplement to the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment to the Prospectus has been filed or distributed; (iv) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or the initiation or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (vi) of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act; and (viii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or suspending any such qualification of the Shares and, if any such order is issued, will obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. (e) Ongoing Compliance. (1) If during the Prospectus Delivery Period (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate such amendments or supplements to the Prospectus (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be 14 necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus will comply with law and (2) if at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate such amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Pricing Disclosure Package will comply with law. (f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will qualify the Shares for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for distribution of the Shares; provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. (g) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable an earnings statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the “effective date” (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement; provided that the Company will be deemed to have furnished such statements to its security holders and the Representatives to the extent they are filed on the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System. (h) Clear Market. For a period of 90 days after the date of the Prospectus, the Company will not (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any shares of Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Stock, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, other than (A) the Shares to be sold hereunder or the issuance of any convertible notes concurrently with this offering and any shares of Common Stock underlying such convertible notes; (B) any shares of Stock of the Company issued upon the exercise of options or vesting of restricted stock units, in each case granted under the stock-based compensation plans of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company Stock Plans”) described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (C) the 15 issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of warrants issued to West Coast Hitech L.P., or any of its affiliates, in connection with the sixth amendment to the Company’s Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. and the filing by the Company of any registration statement in connection with the registration of such shares of Common Stock or such other securities; (D) any options and other awards granted under a Company Stock Plan described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (E) the filing by the Company of any registration statement on Form S-8 or a successor form thereto relating to a Company Stock Plan described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (F) shares of Common Stock or other securities issued in connection with a transaction with an unaffiliated third party that includes a bona fide commercial relationship (including joint ventures, marketing or distribution agreements, collaboration agreements or intellectual property license agreements) or any acquisition of assets or acquisition of not less than a majority or controlling portion of the equity of another entity, provided that (x) the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to this clause (F) shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately following the issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant hereto and (y) the recipient of any such shares of Common Stock and securities issued pursuant to this clause (F) during the 90-day restricted period described above shall enter into an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. (i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading “Use of proceeds.” (j) No Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, without giving effect to activities by the Underwriters, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Stock and will not take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act in connection with the distribution of the Shares contemplated hereby. (k) Exchange Listing. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to list the Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market. (l) Reports. So long as the Shares are outstanding, the Company will furnish to the Representatives, as soon as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to holders of the Shares, and copies of any reports and financial statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange or automatic quotation system; provided the Company will be deemed to have furnished such reports and financial statements to the Representatives to the extent they are filed on the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system. (m) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that: (a) It has not used, authorized use of, referred to or participated in the planning for use of, and will not use, authorize use of, refer to or participate in the planning for use of, any “free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not 16 incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that contains no “issuer information” (as defined in Rule 433(h)(2) under the Securities Act) that was not included (including through incorporation by reference) in the Preliminary Prospectus or a previously filed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by such underwriter and approved by the Company in advance in writing. (b) It has not and will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use any free writing prospectus that contains the final terms of the Shares unless such terms have previously been included in a free writing prospectus filed with the Commission; provided that the Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto without the consent of the Company; provided further that any Underwriter using such term sheet shall notify the Company, and provide a copy of such term sheet to the Company, prior to the first use of such term sheet. (c) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with respect to the offering (and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 6. Conditions of Underwriters’ Obligations. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase the Underwritten Shares on the Closing Date or the Option Shares on the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, as provided herein is subject to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: (a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (x) if qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct in all respects and (y) in all other cases are true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be; and the statements of the Company and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (c) No Downgrade. Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Applicable Time and (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, if there are any debt securities or preferred stock of, or guaranteed by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries that are rated by a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization,” as such term is defined under Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded any such debt securities or preferred stock and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, or has changed its outlook with respect to, its rating of any such debt securities or preferred stock (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading). 17 (d) No Material Adverse Change. No event or condition of a type described in Section 3(g) hereof shall have occurred or shall exist, which event or condition is not described in the Pricing Disclosure Package (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the effect of which in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Shares on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (e) Officer’s Certificate. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company and one additional senior executive officer of the Company who is satisfactory to the Representatives (i) confirming that such officers have carefully reviewed the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and, to the knowledge of such officers, the representations set forth in Sections 3(b) and 3(d) hereof are true and correct, (ii) confirming that the other representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement (A) if qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct in all respects and (B) in all other cases are true and correct in all material respects, and that the Company has complied in all material respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and (iii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a), (c) and (d) above. (f) Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, Ernst & Young LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants’ “comfort letters” to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall use a “cut-off” date no more than three business days prior to such Closing Date or such Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (g) Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel for the Company. Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, their written opinion and negative assurance letter, dated the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. (h) Opinion of General Counsel for the Company. Harry A. Wolin, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, his written opinion, dated the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. 18 (i) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, an opinion and 10b-5 statement of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation, counsel for the Underwriters, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters. (j) No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares. (k) Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization and its good standing as a foreign entity in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions. (l) Exchange Listing. A notice of listing of the Shares shall have been submitted to The Nasdaq Stock Market. (m) Lock-up Agreements. The “lock-up” agreements, each substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, between you and certain shareholders, officers and directors of the Company relating to sales and certain other dispositions of shares of Stock or certain other securities, delivered to you on or before the date hereof, shall be full force and effect on the Closing Date or Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (n) Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters. 7. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or 19 supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any “issuer information” filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, any road show as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act (a “road show”) or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection (b) below. (b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any road show or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), it being understood and agreed upon that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the following information in the Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the concession and reallowance figures appearing in the third paragraph under the caption “Underwriting; Conflicts of Interest;” and the information contained in the twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth paragraphs under the caption “Underwriting; Conflicts of Interest” relating to stabilization transactions. (c) Notice and Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (a) or (b) above, such person (the “Indemnified Person”) shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the “Indemnifying Person”) in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under paragraph (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under paragraph (a) or (b) above. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (who shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), be counsel to the Indemnifying Person) to represent the Indemnified Person in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as reasonably incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by 20 the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interest between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for any Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control persons of such Underwriter shall be designated in writing by J. P. Morgan Securities LLC and any such separate firm for the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and any control persons of the Company shall be designated in writing by the Company. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an Indemnified Person shall have requested that an Indemnifying Person reimburse the Indemnified Person for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by this paragraph, the Indemnifying Person shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by the Indemnifying Person of such request and (ii) the Indemnifying Person shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified Person in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. (d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, from the offering of the Shares or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by the Company from the sale of the Shares and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Shares. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. (e) Limitation on Liability. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to paragraph (d) above were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. 21 The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (d) and (e), in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Shares exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters’ obligations to contribute pursuant to paragraphs (d) and (e) are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations hereunder and not joint. (f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Section 7 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. 8. Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto. 9. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date or, in the case of the Option Shares, prior to the Additional Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on or by any of the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market; (ii) trading of any securities issued or guaranteed by the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and that, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Shares on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 10. Defaulting Underwriter. (a) If, on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Shares that it has agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Shares by other persons satisfactory to the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Shares on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to promptly prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term “Underwriter” includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 10, purchases Shares that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase. 22 (b) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of Shares that remain unpurchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate number of Shares to be purchased on such date, then the Company shall have the right to require each non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder on such date plus such Underwriter’s pro rata share (based on the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase on such date) of the Shares of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made. (c) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of Shares that remain unpurchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, exceeds one-eleventh of the number of Shares to be purchased on such date, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph (b) above, then this Agreement or, with respect to any Additional Closing Date, the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase Shares on the Additional Closing Date shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of the Company, except that the Company will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 11 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in effect. (d) Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default. 11. Payment of Expenses. (a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company will pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation, (i) the costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Shares and any taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof; (iii) the fees and expenses of the Company’s counsel and independent accountants; (iv) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Shares under the state or foreign securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the related reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters in an amount not to exceed $15,000 when taken together with the reasonable fees and expenses reimbursed pursuant to clause (vii) below); (v) the cost of preparing stock certificates; (vi) the costs and charges of any transfer agent and any registrar; (vii) all reasonable expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the offering by, FINRA in an amount not to exceed $15,000 when taken together with the reasonable fees and expenses reimbursed pursuant to clause (iv) above; (viii) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any “road show” presentation to potential investors (provided, however, that the Underwriters and the Company shall each pay 50% of the cost of chartering any aircraft to be used in connection with the road show by the Company and the Underwriters); and (ix) all expenses and application fees related to the listing of the Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market. The 23 Underwriters agree to reimburse the Company for out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Company in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby, up to 0.25% of the public offering price per share set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, for all Underwritten Shares and any Option Shares. (b) If this Agreement is terminated by the Underwriters, or any of them, because of any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that the Company shall not pay or reimburse any costs, fees or expenses incurred by any Underwriter that defaults on its obligations to purchase the Shares. 12. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. No purchaser of Shares from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such purchase. 13. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Shares and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters. 14. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term “affiliate” has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (b) the term “business day” means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City; and (c) the term “subsidiary” has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 15. Miscellaneous. (a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be given to the Representatives c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (fax: (212) 622-8358); Attention Equity Syndicate Desk. Notices to the Company shall be given to it at One AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California 94088, (fax: (512) 602-4999), Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Latham & Watkins LLP, 140 Scott Drive, Menlo Park, California 94025, Attention: Tad J. Freese, Esq. (b) Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. (c) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of telecommunication), each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 24 (d) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. (e) Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 25 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. Very truly yours, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Devinder Kumar Name: Devinder Kumar Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Accepted: As of the date first written above J. P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Greg Chamberlain Authorized Signatory Accepted: As of the date first written above BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Victoria Hale Authorized Signatory Accepted: As of the date first written above CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Shar Aghili Authorized Signatory Schedule 1 Underwriter Number of Shares J. P. Morgan Securities LLC 30,000,000 Barclays Capital Inc. 20,000,000 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 20,000,000 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 11,000,000 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 11,000,000 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 5,000,000 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 3,000,000 Total 100,000,000 Annex A PRICING INFORMATION 1. Pricing Term Sheet as set forth in Annex B Annex B PRICING TERM SHEET (See attached.) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus Pricing Term Sheet Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 Dated September 8, 2016 Registration Statement No. 333-213513 Supplementing the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements dated September 6, 2016 (To Prospectus dated September 6, 2016) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 100,000,000 Shares of Common Stock 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 The information in this pricing term sheet relates to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s offering of 100,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock Offering”), and 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Convertible Notes Offering” and, together with the Common Stock Offering, the “Offerings”) and should be read together with (i) the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 6, 2016 relating to the Common Stock Offering (the “Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement”), including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the base prospectus dated September 6, 2016 (the “Base Prospectus”) and (ii) the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 6, 2016 relating to the Convertible Notes Offering (the “Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement” and, together with the Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the “Preliminary Prospectus Supplements”), including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the Base Prospectus, each filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Preliminary Prospectus Supplements form a part of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-213513). The information in this communication supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements and the accompanying Base Prospectus to the extent inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements and the accompanying Base Prospectus. Terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings as set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements. All references to dollar amounts are references to U.S. dollars. Issuer: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Ticker / Exchange for Common Stock: AMD / The NASDAQ Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). Common Stock Offering Securities Offered: Common Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”). Shares Offered: 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock (or 115,000,000 shares of Common Stock if the underwriters’ option to purchase an additional 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock is fully exercised). NASDAQ Last Reported Sale Price on September 8, 2016: $6.22 per share of common stock of the Issuer. Price to the Public: $6.00 per share of Common Stock. Underwriting Discount: $0.195 per share of Common Stock. $19.5 million in aggregate (approximately $22.4 million in aggregate if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of Common Stock is exercised in full). Net Proceeds: The Issuer estimates that the net proceeds from the Common Stock Offering will be approximately $580.5 million, or approximately $667.6 million if the underwriters exercise their option pursuant to the Common Stock Offering to purchase additional shares of Common Stock in full, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Issuer. The Issuer anticipates that it will use the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering, together with the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, to repay up to $226 million of its borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and to purchase up to $1,260 million aggregate total consideration of its Senior Notes (assuming no proceeds are used for the repayment of the borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement). The Issuer cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. The Issuer has the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes. Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Convertible Notes Offering Securities Offered: 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”). Aggregate Principal Amount Offered: $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes (or $805,000,000 aggregate principal amount if the underwriters’ over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional $105,000,000 principal amount of Notes is exercised in full). Maturity Date: September 1, 2026, unless earlier repurchased or converted. Interest Rate: 2.125% per annum, accruing from the Settlement Date. Interest Payment Dates: March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2017. Public Offering Price: 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued interest, if any, from the Settlement Date. Trade Date: September 9, 2016. -2- Settlement Date: September 14, 2016. Conversion Premium: Approximately 33.33% above the Price to the Public of the Common Stock. Initial Conversion Price: Approximately $8.00 per share of Common Stock. Initial Conversion Rate: 125.0031 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. No Redemption: The Issuer may not redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date and no “sinking fund” is provided for the Notes, which means that the Issuer is not required to redeem or retire the Notes periodically. Underwriting Discount: $27.50 per Note. Approximately $19.3 million in aggregate (or approximately $22.1 million in aggregate if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full). Use of Proceeds: The Issuer estimates that the net proceeds from the Convertible Notes Offering will be approximately $680.0 million (or approximately $782.1 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option), after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Issuer. The Issuer anticipates that it will use the net proceeds of this offering, together with the net proceeds from the Common Stock Offering, to repay up to $226 million of the Issuer’s borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and to purchase up to $1,260 million aggregate total consideration of the Issuer’s outstanding Senior Notes (assuming no proceeds are used for the repayment of the borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement). The Issuer cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. The Issuer has the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes. Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Wells Fargo Securities, LLC CUSIP: 007903 BD8 ISIN: US007903BD80 -3- Increase in Conversion Rate Upon Conversion Upon a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption: Following the occurrence of a “make-whole fundamental change” (as defined in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), the Issuer will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change, in certain circumstances as described under “Description of notes—Conversion rights—Increase in conversion rate upon conversion upon a make-whole fundamental change” in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. The following table sets forth the number of additional shares by which the conversion rate will be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each stock price and effective date set forth below: Stock Price Effective Date $6.00 $7.00 $8.00 $9.00 $10.00 $15.00 $20.00 $25.00 $30.00 $40.00 $50.00 September 14, 2016 41.6635 33.8372 27.2749 22.4287 18.7376 8.8872 4.8550 2.8282 1.6879 0.5761 0.1347 September 1, 2017 41.6635 34.3245 27.5229 22.5241 18.7343 8.7299 4.7071 2.7125 1.6022 0.5331 0.1186 September 1, 2018 41.6635 34.7279 27.6672 22.5072 18.6168 8.4806 4.4939 2.5504 1.4836 0.4732 0.0926 September 1, 2019 41.6635 35.0129 27.6693 22.3393 18.3479 8.1180 4.2059 2.3401 1.3338 0.4006 0.0630 September 1, 2020 41.6635 35.2705 27.5885 22.0595 17.9537 7.6475 3.8477 2.0865 1.1584 0.3213 0.0351 September 1, 2021 41.6635 35.3236 27.2605 21.5185 17.3008 6.9995 3.3843 1.7724 0.9486 0.2316 0.0101 September 1, 2022 41.6635 34.7555 26.3250 20.4070 16.1253 6.0629 2.7738 1.3852 0.7043 0.1384 0.0000 September 1, 2023 41.6635 33.6340 24.7765 18.6858 14.3773 4.8300 2.0401 0.9553 0.4516 0.0558 0.0000 September 1, 2024 41.6635 31.3432 22.0235 15.8308 11.6179 3.2087 1.2098 0.5277 0.2278 0.0051 0.0000 September 1, 2025 41.6635 27.0796 17.1183 10.9766 7.1713 1.2880 0.4540 0.2043 0.0797 0.0000 0.0000 September 1, 2026 41.6635 17.8540 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 The exact stock prices and effective dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case: • If the stock price is between two stock prices in the table above or the effective date is between two effective dates in the table, the number of additional shares by which the conversion rate will be increased will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of additional shares set forth for the higher and lower stock prices and the earlier and later effective dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year. • If the stock price is greater than $50.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. • If the stock price is less than $6.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the conversion rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 166.6666 shares of common stock of the Issuer, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the conversion rate as set forth under “Description of notes—Conversion rights—Conversion rate adjustments” in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. -4- CAPITALIZATION The following table replaces (i) the table set forth on page S-32 of the Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and (ii) the table set forth on page S-44 of the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. The following table sets forth the Issuer’s consolidated cash and cash equivalents and the Issuer’s consolidated capitalization as of June 25, 2016 on: • an actual basis; and • on an as adjusted basis to give effect to (i) the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock in the Common Stock Offering at a public offering price of $6.00 per share, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option), (ii) the issuance of $700 million in principal amount of Notes in the Convertible Notes Offering, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option), and (iii) the application of the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering and the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, as described in “Use of Proceeds” in the respective preliminary prospectus supplements. As of June 25, 2016 (In millions, except per share amounts) Actual As Adjusted Cash and cash equivalents $ 957 $ 957 Short-term debt $ 226 $ — (1) Long-term debt: Existing Senior Notes(2) 2,002 1,032 (3) 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026(4) — 700 (4) Unamortized financing costs on 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 — (20 ) Total long-term debt 2,002 1,712 Total debt(5) $ 2,228 $ 1,712 Stockholders’ equity (deficit): Common stock, par value $0.01; 1,500 shares authorized, 810 shares issued and 795 shares outstanding, actual; 895 outstanding, as adjusted(6) 8 9 Additional paid-in capital 7,053 7,633 Treasury stock, at cost (14 shares) (125 ) (125 ) Accumulated deficit(7) (7,346 ) (7,410 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (3 ) (3 ) Total stockholders’ equity (413 ) 103 Total capitalization $ 1,815 $ 1,815 -5- (1) Reflects the full repayment of $226 million of our borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. We may choose to use $226 million of the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering, together with the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, to repay such borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement or instead use such amount to repurchase additional Senior Notes, as described in footnote (3) below. (2) Reflects adoption of FASB ASU 2015-03, “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,” beginning in the first quarter of 2016. (3) Reflects an assumed repayment of $226 million of our borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and our offer to purchase up to $1,035 million maximum aggregate total consideration of our existing Senior Notes pursuant to the concurrent tender offers described in “Prospectus Supplement Summary—Purchase of Senior Notes” in the preliminary prospectus supplement for each of the Common Stock Offering and the Convertible Notes Offering. The notes will be prioritized in the following order, to the extent holders validly tender their notes: 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019, 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020, 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 and 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024. We cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. We have the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. (4) In accordance with ASC 470-20, convertible debt that may be wholly or partially settled in cash is required to be separated into a liability and an equity component, such that interest expense reflects the issuer’s non-convertible debt interest rate. Upon issuance, a debt discount is recognized as a decrease in debt and an increase in equity. The debt component will accrete up to the principal amount ($700 million for the Convertible Notes assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option) over the expected term of the debt. ASC 470-20 does not affect the actual amount that we are required to repay, and the amount shown in the table above for Convertible Notes is the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes and does not reflect the debt discount that we will be required to recognize in our consolidated balance sheet. (5) Total debt reflects net book value of short-term and long-term debt. (6) The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering set forth above excludes: • 22.4 million shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of June 25, 2016 at a weighted-average exercise price of $4.14 per share; • 51.5 million shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units outstanding as of June 25, 2016; -6- • 55.0 million shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans as of June 25, 2016; • 75.0 million shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of August 30, 2016, with an exercise price of $5.98 per share (50 million of which cannot be exercised before August 30, 2017); and • The shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of our 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 offered in the Convertible Notes Offering. (7) Increase to accumulated deficit primarily due to anticipated premiums in connection with the Tender Offer. The Issuer has filed a registration statement (including the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements dated September 6, 2016 and the accompanying Base Prospectus dated September 6, 2016) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, for the Offerings to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements, the accompanying Base Prospectus in the registration statement and other documents the Issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Issuer and the Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Ave., Edgewood, N.Y. 11717, by telephone: (866) 803-9204; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Ave., Edgewood, N.Y 11717, by email: Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, by telephone: (888) 603-5847; or Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Madison Ave., New York, N.Y. 10010, by email: newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com, by telephone: 1-800-221-1037. ANY DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM. -7- Exhibit A FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT , 2016 J. P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC As Representatives of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referred to below c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179 Re: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. — Public Offering Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned understands that you, as representatives (the “Representatives”) of the several Underwriters, propose to enter into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), providing for the public offering (the “Public Offering”) by the several Underwriters named in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement (the “Underwriters”) of Common Stock, $0.01 per share par value (the “Common Stock”), of the Company (the “Securities”). In consideration of the Underwriters’ agreement to purchase and make the Public Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, the undersigned will not, during the period (the “Restricted Period”) beginning on the date of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Offering and ending 90 days after the date of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Offering (the “Prospectus”), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (including without limitation, Common Stock or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant), or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, (2) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise or (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, in each case other than: (A) transfers or dispositions of Common Stock (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, (ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned [or the immediate family of the undersigned],1 (iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, investment fund or other entity controlled or managed, or under common control or management by the undersigned [or (iv) the immediate family of the undersigned, (iv) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned] or (v) as distributions to partners, members or stockholders of the undersigned, provided that in the case of any transfer, disposition or distribution pursuant to this clause (A), each transferee, donee or distributee shall execute and deliver to the Representatives a lock-up letter in the form of this letter agreement (this “Letter Agreement”), and provided further, that in the case of any transfer, disposition or distribution pursuant to clause (A), no filing by any party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or other public announcement shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution (other than a filing on a Form 5 after the expiration of the Restricted Period); 1 All language in brackets to be included in lock-up agreements for directors and officers. (B) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock, provided that (i) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Common Stock during the Restricted Period and (ii) no filing under the Exchange Act or other public announcements shall be required or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan during the Restricted Period; (C) [the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company described in the Prospectus that expire during the Restricted Period, provided that the underlying shares shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement, and provided further that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such exercise shall state that such exercise is for expiring options issued pursuant to an equity incentive plan of the Company]; (D) [the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company described in the Prospectus which do not expire during the Restricted Period, provided that the underlying shares shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement, and provided further that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made during the Restricted Period]; (E) [the transfer of shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into Common Stock) to the Company upon the vesting, during the Restricted Period, of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units or the exercise of options to purchase the Company’s securities that expire during the Restricted Period, in each case on a “cashless” or “net exercise” basis or to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, provided that any filings required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such transfer shall state that such transfer is for a “cashless” or “net exercise” or to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, as applicable]; (F) [the disposition by a director or officer of the Company subject to the filing requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act (each a “Section 16 filer”) of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of raising proceeds to cover the reasonably estimated U.S. federal or state tax liability incurred by such Section 16 filer as a result of (i) the vesting of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units heretofore granted to such Section 16 filer or (ii) the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock; provided, that the aggregate of all such dispositions by such Section 16 filers shall not exceed 5,800,000 shares of Common Stock in the aggregate, and provided further, that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall state that such disposition is to cover estimated tax withholding obligations in connection with such vesting of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units or the exercise of options]; (G) [the transfer or disposition of the undersigned’s shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock) that occurs by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement; provided that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such transfer or disposition shall state that such transfer or disposition is pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, as applicable]; or (H) the transfer of shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock) pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction approved by the Company’s board of directors and made to all holders of the Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company, provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Common Stock owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this Letter Agreement. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, [“immediate family” shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin and] “change of control” shall mean the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any “person” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of 50% of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Letter Agreement. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Letter Agreement. All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned. The undersigned understands that, if (i) each of the Representatives, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, informs the other, prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, that it has determined not to proceed with the Public Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective by September 30, 2016, or (iii) the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Securities to be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Letter Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Underwriters are entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Public Offering in reliance upon this Letter Agreement. This Letter Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Very truly yours, By: Name: Title: EX-1.2 3 d258400dex12.htm EX-1.2 EX-1.2 Exhibit 1.2 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. 2.125% Convertible Notes due 2026 Underwriting Agreement September 8, 2016 J. P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC As Representatives of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10179 c/o Barclays Capital Inc. 745 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 c/o Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 11 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10010 Ladies and Gentlemen: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the “Underwriters”), for whom you are acting as representatives (the “Representatives”), $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.125% Convertible Notes due 2026 (the “Underwritten Securities”) and, at the option of the Underwriters, solely to cover over-allotments, up to an additional $105,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.125% Convertible Notes due 2026 (the “Option Securities”) if and to the extent that the Underwriters shall have determined to exercise the option to purchase such Option Securities granted to the Underwriters in Section 2 hereof. The Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities are herein referred to as the “Securities.” The Securities will be convertible into cash, shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”), or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock at the Company’s election (any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Securities, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any additional shares delivered upon conversion in connection with a “make-whole fundamental change,” the “Underlying Securities”). The Securities will be issued pursuant to a base indenture to be dated as of the Closing Date (as defined below), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture to such base indenture (collectively, the “Indenture”), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the several Underwriters concerning the purchase and sale of the Securities, as follows: 1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Securities Act”), a registration statement (File No. 333-213513), including a prospectus, relating to the Securities and certain other debt and equity securities to be issued by the Company from time to time. Such registration statement, as amended at the time it became effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the time of its effectiveness (“Rule 430 Information”), is referred to herein as the “Registration Statement”; and as used herein, the term “Preliminary Prospectus” means the preliminary prospectus supplement of the Company dated September 6, 2016 and filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act together with the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness that omitted Rule 430 Information, and the term “Prospectus” means the final prospectus supplement in the form first furnished to the Underwriters (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) for use in connection with confirmation of sales of the Securities together with the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness that omitted Rule 430 Information. If the Company has filed an abbreviated registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (the “Rule 462 Registration Statement”), then any reference herein to the term “Registration Statement” shall be deemed to include such Rule 462 Registration Statement. Any reference in this underwriting agreement (this “Agreement”) to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, as of the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, and any reference to “amend,” “amendment” or “supplement” with respect to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed after such date under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Exchange Act”) that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. At or prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below), the Company had prepared the following information (collectively, the “Pricing Disclosure Package”): a Preliminary Prospectus dated September 6, 2016 and each “free-writing prospectus” (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed on Annex A hereto. “Applicable Time” means 10:30 P.M., New York City time, on September 8, 2016. 2. Purchase of the Securities by the Underwriters. (a) The Company agrees to issue and sell the Underwritten Securities to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement, and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Underwritten Securities set forth opposite such Underwriter’s name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price equal to 97.25% of the principal amount thereof (the “Purchase Price”) plus accrued interest, if any, from September 14, 2016 to the Closing Date (as defined below). In addition, the Company agrees to issue and sell the Option Securities to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement and solely to cover over-allotments, and the Underwriters, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, shall have the option to purchase, severally and not jointly, from the Company the Option Securities at the Purchase Price plus accrued interest, if any, from September 14, 2016 to the date of payment and delivery. 2 If any Option Securities are to be purchased, the principal amount of Option Securities to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be the principal amount of Option Securities which bears the same ratio to the aggregate principal amount of Option Securities being purchased as the principal amount of Underwritten Securities set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule 1 hereto (or such principal amount increased as set forth in Section 10 hereof) bears to the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Securities being purchased from the Company by the several Underwriters, subject, however, to such adjustments to eliminate any Securities in denominations other than $1,000 as the Representatives in their sole discretion shall make. The Underwriters may exercise the option to purchase Option Securities at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or before the thirtieth day following the date of this Agreement, by written notice from the Representatives to the Company. Such notice shall set forth the aggregate principal amount of Option Securities plus accrued interest as to which the option is being exercised and the date and time when the Option Securities are to be delivered and paid for, which may be the same date and time as the Closing Date but shall not be earlier than the Closing Date nor later than the tenth full business day (as hereinafter defined) after the date of such notice (unless such time and date are postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof). Except with respect to Option Securities to be purchased on the Closing Date (for which notice shall be given at least one business day prior to the Closing Date unless the Company otherwise agrees), any such notice shall be given at least two business days prior to the date and time of delivery specified therein. (b) The Company understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the Securities as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Representatives is advisable, and initially to offer the Securities on the terms set forth in the Prospectus. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Securities to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Securities purchased by it to or through any Underwriter. (c) Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Company to the Representatives in the case of the Underwritten Securities, at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 140 Scott Drive, Menlo Park, California 94025, at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on September 14, 2016, or at such other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing or, in the case of the Option Securities, on the date and at the time and place specified by the Representatives in the written notice of the Underwriters’ election to purchase such Option Securities. The time and date of such payment for the Underwritten Securities is referred to herein as the “Closing Date,” and the time and date for such payment for the Option Securities, if other than the Closing Date, is herein referred to as the “Additional Closing Date.” Payment for the Securities to be purchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall be made against delivery to the nominee of the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters of the Securities to be purchased on such date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, of one or more global notes representing the Securities (collectively, the “Global Note”) with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of such Securities duly paid by the Company. The Global Note will be made available for inspection by the Representatives at the office of DTC or its designated custodian not later than 1:00 P.M., New York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (d) The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Underwriter is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the offering of Securities contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the offering) and 3 not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Underwriters shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Underwriters of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Underwriters and shall not be on behalf of the Company. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter that: (a) Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and no Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (b) Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Pricing Disclosure Package, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. No statement of material fact included in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Pricing Disclosure Package and no statement of material fact included in the Pricing Disclosure Package that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. (c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Other than the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not prepared, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve or refer to any “written communication” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clause (i) below) an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus”) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (ii) the documents listed on Annex A hereto, each electronic road show and any other written communications approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer 4 Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, and, when taken together with any other Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (d) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Registration Statement is an “automatic shelf registration statement” as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of such registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Securities has been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Trust Indenture Act”), and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Prospectus does not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to (i) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the Trustee under the Trust Indenture Act or (ii) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. (e) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Pricing Disclosure Package, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material 5 fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Pricing Disclosure Package, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (f) Financial Statements. The financial statements (including the related notes thereto) of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash flows for the periods specified; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except in the case of unaudited financial statements, which are subject to normal year-end adjustments and do not contain certain footnotes as permitted by the applicable rules of the Commission; and any supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein; and the other financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and presents fairly in all material respects the information shown thereby. (g) No Material Adverse Change. There has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package provided to prospective purchasers of the Securities. (h) Organization and Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing and is a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, or on the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined below) (a “Material Adverse Effect”). Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation or other entity in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, has the corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 6 (i) Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading “Capitalization”; all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject to any pre-emptive or similar rights that have not been duly waived or satisfied; except as described in or expressly contemplated by the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding rights (including, without limitation, pre-emptive rights), warrants or options to acquire, or instruments convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock or other equity interest in the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind relating to the issuance of any capital stock of the Company or any such subsidiary, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or any such rights, warrants or options; the capital stock of the Company conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and all the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each subsidiary owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (except for shares of any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company held by directors or nominees pursuant to the requirements of the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, of such subsidiary and which in the aggregate amount represents less than one percent of the outstanding capital stock of such subsidiary) and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, restriction on voting or transfer or any other similar claim of any third party. (j) Due Authorization. The Company has full right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities (collectively, the “Transaction Documents”) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of each of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby has been duly and validly taken. (k) The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement and on the Closing Date and on the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, was or will have been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and, when duly executed and delivered in accordance with its terms by each of the parties thereto, will constitute a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability (collectively, the “Enforceability Exceptions”). (l) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (m) The Securities. The Securities to be issued and sold by the Company hereunder have been duly authorized by the Company and, when duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered as provided in the Indenture and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 7 (n) The Underlying Securities. Upon issuance and delivery of the Securities in accordance with this Agreement and the Indenture, the Securities will be convertible at the option of the holder thereof into cash, shares of the Underlying Securities or a combination of cash and Underlying Securities, at the Company’s election, in accordance with the terms of the Securities; the maximum number of Underlying Securities issuable upon conversion of the Securities (assuming full physical settlement of the Securities upon conversion and the maximum conversion rate under any “make-whole” adjustment applies (the “Conversion Shares”)) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Securities and, when and to the extent issued upon conversion of the Securities in accordance with the terms of the Securities, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance of any Underlying Securities will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights that have not been duly waived or satisfied. (o) Descriptions of the Transaction Documents. Each Transaction Document conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (p) No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in contravention of (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or such subsidiary, (iii)(A) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2015, by and among the Company, AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd., ATI Technologies ULC and Bank of America, N.A., as amended by the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2015, as further amended by the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2016 and as further amended by the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016 (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), (iv) or any judgment, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary, except in the case of clauses (i), (iii)(A) and (iv) for such contravention which would not have a Material Adverse Effect. (q) No Conflicts. The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, each of the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities (including any issuance of the Underlying Securities upon conversion thereof) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not contravene (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii)(A) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the Credit Agreement or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries. (r) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, license, registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities (including any issuance of the Underlying Securities upon conversion thereof) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for the registration of the Securities under the 8 Securities Act and such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) and under applicable state securities laws and securities laws of various provinces in Canada in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters. (s) Legal Proceedings. Other than proceedings described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (which descriptions are accurate in all material respects), there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject that would have a Material Adverse Effect. (t) Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, who have certified certain financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, are independent registered public accountants with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Rule 101 of the Code of Professional Conduct of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and its interpretations and rulings thereunder and as required by the Securities Act. (u) Title to Real and Personal Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple (in the case of real property) to, or have valid and marketable rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and personal property and assets that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of title except those that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries or (ii) could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. (v) Title to Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted or as proposed in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted except where the failure to own or possess or otherwise be able to acquire such Intellectual Property would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no material infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual Property; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (iv) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (v) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no U.S. patent or published U.S. patent application which contains claims that dominate or may dominate any Intellectual Property described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or that interferes with the issued or pending claims or any such Intellectual Property; and (vi) there is no prior art of which the Company is aware that may render any U.S. patent held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries invalid or any U.S. patent application held by the 9 Company or any of its subsidiaries unpatentable which has not been disclosed to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, except for the foregoing items set forth in clauses (i) through (vi) of this subparagraph, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (w) Investment Company Act. None of the Company and its subsidiaries is and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company and its subsidiaries will be, required to register as an “investment company” as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the “Investment Company Act”). (x) Taxes. All material tax returns required to be filed by the Company and each of its subsidiaries in any jurisdiction have been filed, other than those filings to which the Company or its subsidiaries has requested extensions or are being contested in good faith, and all material taxes, including withholding taxes, penalties and interest, assessments, fees and other charges due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any of its subsidiaries have been paid, other than those being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been provided. (y) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and except as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or would not have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, permit or authorization or has any reason to believe that any such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. (z) No Labor Disputes. (i) No significant unfair labor practice complaint is pending against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of them, before the National Labor Relations Board or any state or local labor relations board; (ii) no significant grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement is pending against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of them; and (iii) no labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any subsidiary exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent except in each case, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (aa) Compliance with and Liability under Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance 10 with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. (bb) Compliance with ERISA. Except as set forth or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, with respect to each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), for which the Company or any member of its “Controlled Group” (defined as any organization which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)), would have any liability, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has violated any provisions of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except for violations which, singly or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. (cc) Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective system of “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. (dd) Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, maintain a system of “internal control over financial reporting” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly present the information called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the Company’s internal controls. The Company’s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of 11 the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. (ee) eXtensible Business Reporting Language. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly present the information called for in all material respects and have been prepared in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. (ff) Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain insurance covering their properties, operations, personnel and businesses. Such insurance insures against such losses and risks as are adequate in accordance with customary industry practice to protect the Company and each of its subsidiaries and its businesses. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that substantial capital improvements or other expenditures will have to be made in order to continue such insurance, except where such improvements and expenditures to be made would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. All such insurance is outstanding and duly in force on the date hereof and will be outstanding and duly in force as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (gg) No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. (hh) Compliance with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 12 (ii) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a “specially designated national” or “blocked person,” the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Instruments (Canada), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”)), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering of the Securities hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or is in Burma/Myanmar, Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria (each, a “Sanctioned Country”) or in any other country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. For the past five years, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. (jj) No Broker’s Fees. None of the Company and its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of them or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finder’s fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. (kk) No Registration Rights. No person has the right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register any securities for sale under the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission or the issuance and sale of the Securities, except as such rights have been waived or satisfied. (ll) No Stabilization. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, without giving effect to activities by the Underwriters, any action designed to or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities. (mm) Margin Rules. The application of the proceeds received by the Company from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. (nn) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. (oo) Status under the Securities Act. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or any 13 offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an “ineligible issuer,” and is a well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has paid the registration fee for this offering pursuant to Rule 456(b)(1) under the Securities Act or will pay such fee within the time period required by such rule (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing Date. 4. Further Agreements of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: (a) Required Filings. The Company will file the final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto) to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Securities; and will furnish copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the Underwriters in New York City prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, in such quantities as the Representatives may reasonably request. (b) Delivery of Copies. The Company will deliver, without charge, (i) to the Representatives, four signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto, in each case including all exhibits and consents filed therewith and documents incorporated by reference therein; and (ii) to each Underwriter (A) a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) and (B) during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), as many copies of the Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) as the Representatives may reasonably request. As used herein, the term “Prospectus Delivery Period” means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Securities is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer. (c) Amendments or Supplements, Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Before preparing, using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, whether before or after the time that the Registration Statement becomes effective, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve, refer to or file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably object. (d) Notice to the Representatives. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly, and confirm such advice in writing (which may be by email), (i) when the Registration Statement has become effective; (ii) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (iii) when any supplement to the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment to the Prospectus has been filed or distributed; (iv) of any request 14 by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or the initiation or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (vi) of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act; and (viii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or suspending any such qualification of the Securities and, if any such order is issued, will obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. (e) Ongoing Compliance. (1) If during the Prospectus Delivery Period (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate such amendments or supplements to the Prospectus (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus will comply with law and (2) if at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate such amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Pricing Disclosure Package will comply with law. 15 (f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will qualify the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for distribution of the Securities; provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. (g) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable an earnings statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the “effective date” (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement; provided that the Company will be deemed to have furnished such statements to its security holders and the Representatives to the extent they are filed on the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System. (h) Clear Market. For a period of 90 days after the date of the Prospectus, the Company will not (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, other than (A) the Securities to be sold hereunder, the issuance of any Underlying Securities or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock concurrently with this offering; (B) any shares of Common Stock of the Company issued upon the exercise of options or vesting of restricted stock units, in each case granted under the stock-based compensation plans of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company Stock Plans”) described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (C) the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of warrants issued to West Coast Hitech L.P., or any of its affiliates, in connection with the sixth amendment to the Company’s Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. and the filing by the Company of any registration statement in connection with the registration of such shares of Common Stock or such other securities; (D) any options and other awards granted under a Company Stock Plan described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (E) the filing by the Company of any registration statement on Form S-8 or a successor form thereto relating to a Company Stock Plan described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (F) shares of Common Stock or other securities issued in connection with a transaction with an unaffiliated third party that includes a bona fide commercial relationship (including joint ventures, marketing or distribution agreements, collaboration agreements or intellectual property license agreements) or any acquisition of assets or acquisition of not less than a majority or controlling portion of the equity of another entity, provided that (x) the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to this clause (F) shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately following the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant hereto and (y) the recipient of any such shares of Common Stock and securities issued pursuant to this clause (F) during the 90-day restricted period described above shall enter into an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 16 (i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading “Use of proceeds.” (j) No Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, without giving effect to activities by the Underwriters, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities and will not take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act in connection with the distribution of the Securities contemplated hereby. (k) Underlying Securities. The Company will reserve and keep available at all times, free of pre-emptive rights, the Conversion Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to satisfy all obligations to issue any Underlying Securities upon conversion of the Securities. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to list the Conversion Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market. (l) Reports. So long as the Securities are outstanding, the Company will furnish to the Representatives, as soon as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to holders of the Securities, and copies of any reports and financial statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange or automatic quotation system; provided the Company will be deemed to have furnished such reports and financial statements to the Representatives to the extent they are filed on the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system. (m) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that: (a) It has not used, authorized use of, referred to or participated in the planning for use of, and will not use, authorize use of, refer to or participate in the planning for use of, any “free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that contains no “issuer information” (as defined in Rule 433(h)(2) under the Securities Act) that was not included (including through incorporation by reference) in the Preliminary Prospectus or a previously filed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by such underwriter and approved by the Company in advance in writing. (b) It has not and will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use any free writing prospectus that contains the final terms of the Securities unless such terms have previously been included in a free writing prospectus filed with the Commission; provided that the Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto without the 17 consent of the Company; provided further that any Underwriter using such term sheet shall notify the Company, and provide a copy of such term sheet to the Company, prior to the first use of such term sheet. (c) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with respect to the offering (and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 6. Conditions of Underwriters’ Obligations. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase the Underwritten Securities on the Closing Date or the Option Securities on the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, as provided herein is subject to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: (a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (x) if qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct in all respects and (y) in all other cases are true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be; and the statements of the Company and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (c) No Downgrade. Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Applicable Time and (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, if there are any debt securities or preferred stock of, or guaranteed by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries that are rated by a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization,” as such term is defined under Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded any such debt securities or preferred stock and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, or has changed its outlook with respect to, its rating of any such debt securities or preferred stock (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading). (d) No Material Adverse Change. No event or condition of a type described in Section 3(g) hereof shall have occurred or shall exist, which event or condition is not described in the Pricing Disclosure Package (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the effect of which in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (e) Officer’s Certificate. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, a certificate of the chief 18 financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company and one additional senior executive officer of the Company who is satisfactory to the Representatives (i) confirming that such officers have carefully reviewed the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and, to the knowledge of such officers, the representations set forth in Sections 3(b) and 3(d) hereof are true and correct, (ii) confirming that the other representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement (A) if qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct in all respects and (B) in all other cases are true and correct in all material respects, and that the Company has complied in all material respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and (iii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a), (c) and (d) above. (f) Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, Ernst & Young LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants’ “comfort letters” to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall use a “cut-off” date no more than three business days prior to such Closing Date or such Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (g) Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel for the Company. Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, their written opinion and negative assurance letter, dated the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. (h) Opinion of General Counsel for the Company. Harry A. Wolin, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, his written opinion, dated the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. (i) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, an opinion and 10b-5 statement of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation, counsel for the Underwriters, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters. (j) No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities. 19 (k) Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization and its good standing as a foreign entity in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions. (l) Exchange Listing. A notice of listing of additional shares relating to the Conversion Shares shall have been submitted to The Nasdaq Stock Market. (m) Lock-up Agreements. The “lock-up” agreements, each substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, between you and certain shareholders, officers and directors of the Company relating to sales and certain other dispositions of shares of Common Stock or certain other securities, delivered to you on or before the date hereof, shall be full force and effect on the Closing Date or Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. (n) Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters. 7. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any “issuer information” filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, any road show as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act (a “road show”) or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection (b) below. (b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 20 Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any road show or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), it being understood and agreed upon that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the following information in the Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the information contained in the eighth and ninth paragraphs under the caption “Underwriting; Conflicts of Interest” relating to stabilization transactions. (c) Notice and Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (a) or (b) above, such person (the “Indemnified Person”) shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the “Indemnifying Person”) in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under paragraph (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under paragraph (a) or (b) above. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (who shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), be counsel to the Indemnifying Person) to represent the Indemnified Person in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as reasonably incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interest between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for any Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control persons of such Underwriter shall be designated in writing by J. P. Morgan Securities LLC and any such separate firm for the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and any control persons of the Company shall be designated in writing by the Company. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an Indemnified Person shall have requested that an Indemnifying Person reimburse the Indemnified Person for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by this paragraph, the Indemnifying Person shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by the Indemnifying Person of such request and (ii) the Indemnifying Person shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified Person in 21 accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. (d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by the Company from the sale of the Securities and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. (e) Limitation on Liability. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to paragraph (d) above were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (d) and (e), in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters’ obligations to contribute pursuant to paragraphs (d) and (e) are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations hereunder and not joint. (f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Section 7 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. 22 8. Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto. 9. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date or, in the case of the Option Securities, prior to the Additional Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on or by any of the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market; (ii) trading of any securities issued or guaranteed by the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and that, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 10. Defaulting Underwriter. (a) If, on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Securities that it has agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Securities by other persons satisfactory to the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Securities, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Securities on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to promptly prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term “Underwriter” includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 10, purchases Securities that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase. (b) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of Securities that remain unpurchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such date, then the Company shall have the right to require each non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder on such date plus such Underwriter’s pro rata share (based on the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase on such date) of the Securities of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made. (c) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of Securities that remain unpurchased on the 23 Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, exceeds one-eleventh of the principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such date, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph (b) above, then this Agreement or, with respect to any Additional Closing Date, the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase Securities on the Additional Closing Date shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of the Company, except that the Company will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 11 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in effect. (d) Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default. 11. Payment of Expenses. (a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company will pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation, (i) the costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Securities and any taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof; (iii) the fees and expenses of the Company’s counsel and independent accountants; (iv) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Securities under the state or foreign securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the related reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters in an amount not to exceed $15,000 when taken together with the reasonable fees and expenses reimbursed pursuant to clause (vii) below); (v) any fees charged by rating agencies for rating the Securities; (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and any paying agent (including related fees and expenses of any counsel to such parties); (vii) all reasonable expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the offering by, FINRA in an amount not to exceed $15,000 when taken together with the reasonable fees and expenses reimbursed pursuant to clause (iv) above; (viii) all reasonable expenses and application fees incurred in connection with the approval of the Securities for book-entry transfer by DTC; (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any “road show” presentation to potential investors (provided, however, that the Underwriters and the Company shall each pay 50% of the cost of chartering any aircraft to be used in connection with the road show by the Company and the Underwriters); and (x) all expenses and application fees related to the listing of the Conversion Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market. (b) If this Agreement is terminated by the Underwriters, or any of them, because of any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that the Company shall not pay or reimburse any costs, fees or expenses incurred by any Underwriter that defaults on its obligations to purchase the Securities. 12. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such purchase. 24 13. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Securities and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters. 14. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term “affiliate” has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (b) the term “business day” means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City; and (c) the term “subsidiary” has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 15. Miscellaneous. (a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be given to the Representatives c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (fax: (212) 622-8358); Attention Equity Syndicate Desk. Notices to the Company shall be given to it at One AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California 94088, (fax: (512) 602-4999), Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Latham & Watkins LLP, 140 Scott Drive, Menlo Park, California 94025, Attention: Tad J. Freese, Esq. (b) Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. (c) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of telecommunication), each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. (d) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. (e) Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 25 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. Very truly yours, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Devinder Kumar Name: Devinder Kumar Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Accepted: As of the date first written above J. P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Greg Chamberlain Authorized Signatory Accepted: As of the date first written above BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Victoria Hale Authorized Signatory Accepted: As of the date first written above CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC For itself and on behalf of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. By: /s/ Shar Aghili Authorized Signatory Schedule 1 Underwriter Principal Amount of Securities J. P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 358,910,000 Barclays Capital Inc. 133,818,000 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 133,818,000 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 36,727,000 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 36,727,000 Total $ 700,000,000 Annex A PRICING INFORMATION 1. Pricing Term Sheet as set forth in Annex B Annex B PRICING TERM SHEET (See attached.) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus Pricing Term Sheet Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 Dated September 8, 2016 Registration Statement No. 333-213513 Supplementing the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements dated September 6, 2016 (To Prospectus dated September 6, 2016) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 100,000,000 Shares of Common Stock 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 The information in this pricing term sheet relates to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s offering of 100,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock Offering”), and 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Convertible Notes Offering” and, together with the Common Stock Offering, the “Offerings”) and should be read together with (i) the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 6, 2016 relating to the Common Stock Offering (the “Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement”), including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the base prospectus dated September 6, 2016 (the “Base Prospectus”) and (ii) the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 6, 2016 relating to the Convertible Notes Offering (the “Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement” and, together with the Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the “Preliminary Prospectus Supplements”), including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the Base Prospectus, each filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Preliminary Prospectus Supplements form a part of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-213513). The information in this communication supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements and the accompanying Base Prospectus to the extent inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements and the accompanying Base Prospectus. Terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings as set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements. All references to dollar amounts are references to U.S. dollars. Issuer: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Ticker / Exchange for Common Stock: AMD / The NASDAQ Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). Common Stock Offering Securities Offered: Common Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”). Shares Offered: 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock (or 115,000,000 shares of Common Stock if the underwriters’ option to purchase an additional 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock is fully exercised). NASDAQ Last Reported Sale Price on September 8, 2016: $6.22 per share of common stock of the Issuer. Price to the Public: $6.00 per share of Common Stock. Underwriting Discount: $0.195 per share of Common Stock. $19.5 million in aggregate (approximately $22.4 million in aggregate if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of Common Stock is exercised in full). Net Proceeds: The Issuer estimates that the net proceeds from the Common Stock Offering will be approximately $580.5 million, or approximately $667.6 million if the underwriters exercise their option pursuant to the Common Stock Offering to purchase additional shares of Common Stock in full, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Issuer. The Issuer anticipates that it will use the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering, together with the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, to repay up to $226 million of its borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and to purchase up to $1,260 million aggregate total consideration of its Senior Notes (assuming no proceeds are used for the repayment of the borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement). The Issuer cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. The Issuer has the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes. Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Convertible Notes Offering Securities Offered: 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”). Aggregate Principal Amount Offered: $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes (or $805,000,000 aggregate principal amount if the underwriters’ over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional $105,000,000 principal amount of Notes is exercised in full). Maturity Date: September 1, 2026, unless earlier repurchased or converted. Interest Rate: 2.125% per annum, accruing from the Settlement Date. Interest Payment Dates: March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2017. Public Offering Price: 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued interest, if any, from the Settlement Date. Trade Date: September 9, 2016. -2- Settlement Date: September 14, 2016. Conversion Premium: Approximately 33.33% above the Price to the Public of the Common Stock. Initial Conversion Price: Approximately $8.00 per share of Common Stock. Initial Conversion Rate: 125.0031 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. No Redemption: The Issuer may not redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date and no “sinking fund” is provided for the Notes, which means that the Issuer is not required to redeem or retire the Notes periodically. Underwriting Discount: $27.50 per Note. Approximately $19.3 million in aggregate (or approximately $22.1 million in aggregate if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full). Use of Proceeds: The Issuer estimates that the net proceeds from the Convertible Notes Offering will be approximately $680.0 million (or approximately $782.1 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option), after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Issuer. The Issuer anticipates that it will use the net proceeds of this offering, together with the net proceeds from the Common Stock Offering, to repay up to $226 million of the Issuer’s borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and to purchase up to $1,260 million aggregate total consideration of the Issuer’s outstanding Senior Notes (assuming no proceeds are used for the repayment of the borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement). The Issuer cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. The Issuer has the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes. Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Barclays Capital Inc. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Wells Fargo Securities, LLC CUSIP: 007903 BD8 ISIN: US007903BD80 -3- Increase in Conversion Rate Upon Conversion Upon a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption: Following the occurrence of a “make-whole fundamental change” (as defined in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), the Issuer will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change, in certain circumstances as described under “Description of notes—Conversion rights—Increase in conversion rate upon conversion upon a make-whole fundamental change” in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. The following table sets forth the number of additional shares by which the conversion rate will be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each stock price and effective date set forth below: Stock Price Effective Date $6.00 $7.00 $8.00 $9.00 $10.00 $15.00 $20.00 $25.00 $30.00 $40.00 $50.00 September 14, 2016 41.6635 33.8372 27.2749 22.4287 18.7376 8.8872 4.8550 2.8282 1.6879 0.5761 0.1347 September 1, 2017 41.6635 34.3245 27.5229 22.5241 18.7343 8.7299 4.7071 2.7125 1.6022 0.5331 0.1186 September 1, 2018 41.6635 34.7279 27.6672 22.5072 18.6168 8.4806 4.4939 2.5504 1.4836 0.4732 0.0926 September 1, 2019 41.6635 35.0129 27.6693 22.3393 18.3479 8.1180 4.2059 2.3401 1.3338 0.4006 0.0630 September 1, 2020 41.6635 35.2705 27.5885 22.0595 17.9537 7.6475 3.8477 2.0865 1.1584 0.3213 0.0351 September 1, 2021 41.6635 35.3236 27.2605 21.5185 17.3008 6.9995 3.3843 1.7724 0.9486 0.2316 0.0101 September 1, 2022 41.6635 34.7555 26.3250 20.4070 16.1253 6.0629 2.7738 1.3852 0.7043 0.1384 0.0000 September 1, 2023 41.6635 33.6340 24.7765 18.6858 14.3773 4.8300 2.0401 0.9553 0.4516 0.0558 0.0000 September 1, 2024 41.6635 31.3432 22.0235 15.8308 11.6179 3.2087 1.2098 0.5277 0.2278 0.0051 0.0000 September 1, 2025 41.6635 27.0796 17.1183 10.9766 7.1713 1.2880 0.4540 0.2043 0.0797 0.0000 0.0000 September 1, 2026 41.6635 17.8540 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 The exact stock prices and effective dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case: • If the stock price is between two stock prices in the table above or the effective date is between two effective dates in the table, the number of additional shares by which the conversion rate will be increased will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of additional shares set forth for the higher and lower stock prices and the earlier and later effective dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year. • If the stock price is greater than $50.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. • If the stock price is less than $6.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the conversion rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 166.6666 shares of common stock of the Issuer, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the conversion rate as set forth under “Description of notes—Conversion rights—Conversion rate adjustments” in the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. -4- CAPITALIZATION The following table replaces (i) the table set forth on page S-32 of the Common Stock Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and (ii) the table set forth on page S-44 of the Convertible Notes Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. The following table sets forth the Issuer’s consolidated cash and cash equivalents and the Issuer’s consolidated capitalization as of June 25, 2016 on: • an actual basis; and • on an as adjusted basis to give effect to (i) the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock in the Common Stock Offering at a public offering price of $6.00 per share, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option), (ii) the issuance of $700 million in principal amount of Notes in the Convertible Notes Offering, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option), and (iii) the application of the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering and the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, as described in “Use of Proceeds” in the respective preliminary prospectus supplements. As of June 25, 2016 (In millions, except per share amounts) Actual As Adjusted Cash and cash equivalents $ 957 $ 957 Short-term debt $ 226 $ — (1) Long-term debt: Existing Senior Notes(2) 2,002 1,032 (3) 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026(4) — 700 (4) Unamortized financing costs on 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 — (20 ) Total long-term debt 2,002 1,712 Total debt(5) $ 2,228 $ 1,712 Stockholders’ equity (deficit): Common stock, par value $0.01; 1,500 shares authorized, 810 shares issued and 795 shares outstanding, actual; 895 outstanding, as adjusted(6) 8 9 Additional paid-in capital 7,053 7,633 Treasury stock, at cost (14 shares) (125 ) (125 ) Accumulated deficit(7) (7,346 ) (7,410 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (3 ) (3 ) Total stockholders’ equity (413 ) 103 Total capitalization $ 1,815 $ 1,815 -5- (1) Reflects the full repayment of $226 million of our borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. We may choose to use $226 million of the net proceeds of the Common Stock Offering, together with the net proceeds of the Convertible Notes Offering, to repay such borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement or instead use such amount to repurchase additional Senior Notes, as described in footnote (3) below. (2) Reflects adoption of FASB ASU 2015-03, “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,” beginning in the first quarter of 2016. (3) Reflects an assumed repayment of $226 million of our borrowings under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and our offer to purchase up to $1,035 million maximum aggregate total consideration of our existing Senior Notes pursuant to the concurrent tender offers described in “Prospectus Supplement Summary—Purchase of Senior Notes” in the preliminary prospectus supplement for each of the Common Stock Offering and the Convertible Notes Offering. The notes will be prioritized in the following order, to the extent holders validly tender their notes: 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019, 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020, 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 and 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024. We cannot assure you which Senior Note holders will tender their notes. We have the option, but not the obligation, to call any and all of the untendered 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 after the completion of the Tender Offer with any remaining net proceeds. (4) In accordance with ASC 470-20, convertible debt that may be wholly or partially settled in cash is required to be separated into a liability and an equity component, such that interest expense reflects the issuer’s non-convertible debt interest rate. Upon issuance, a debt discount is recognized as a decrease in debt and an increase in equity. The debt component will accrete up to the principal amount ($700 million for the Convertible Notes assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option) over the expected term of the debt. ASC 470-20 does not affect the actual amount that we are required to repay, and the amount shown in the table above for Convertible Notes is the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes and does not reflect the debt discount that we will be required to recognize in our consolidated balance sheet. (5) Total debt reflects net book value of short-term and long-term debt. (6) The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering set forth above excludes: • 22.4 million shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of June 25, 2016 at a weighted-average exercise price of $4.14 per share; • 51.5 million shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units outstanding as of June 25, 2016; -6- • 55.0 million shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans as of June 25, 2016; • 75.0 million shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of August 30, 2016, with an exercise price of $5.98 per share (50 million of which cannot be exercised before August 30, 2017); and • The shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of our 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 offered in the Convertible Notes Offering. (7) Increase to accumulated deficit primarily due to anticipated premiums in connection with the Tender Offer. The Issuer has filed a registration statement (including the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements dated September 6, 2016 and the accompanying Base Prospectus dated September 6, 2016) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, for the Offerings to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the Preliminary Prospectus Supplements, the accompanying Base Prospectus in the registration statement and other documents the Issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Issuer and the Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Ave., Edgewood, N.Y. 11717, by telephone: (866) 803-9204; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Ave., Edgewood, N.Y 11717, by email: Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, by telephone: (888) 603-5847; or Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Madison Ave., New York, N.Y. 10010, by email: newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com, by telephone: 1-800-221-1037. ANY DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM. -7- Exhibit A FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT , 2016 J. P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC As Representatives of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referred to below c/o J. P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179 Re: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. — Public Offering Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned understands that you, as representatives (the “Representatives”) of the several Underwriters, propose to enter into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), providing for the public offering (the “Public Offering”) by the several Underwriters named in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement (the “Underwriters”) of 2.125% Convertible Notes due 2026, of the Company (the “Securities”). In consideration of the Underwriters’ agreement to purchase and make the Public Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, the undersigned will not, during the period (the “Restricted Period”) beginning on the date of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Offering and ending 90 days after the date of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Offering (the “Prospectus”), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (including without limitation, Common Stock, $0.01 per share par value (the “Common Stock”) or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant), or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, (2) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise or (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, in each case other than: (A) transfers or dispositions of Common Stock (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, (ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned [or the immediate family of the undersigned],1 (iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, investment fund or other entity controlled or managed, or under common control or management by the undersigned [or (iv) the immediate family of the undersigned, (iv) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned] or (v) as distributions to partners, members or stockholders of the undersigned, provided that in the case of any transfer, disposition or distribution pursuant to this clause (A), each transferee, donee or distributee shall execute and deliver to the Representatives a lock-up letter in the form of this letter agreement (this “Letter Agreement”), and provided further, that in the case of any transfer, disposition or distribution pursuant to clause (A), no filing by any party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or other public announcement shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution (other than a filing on a Form 5 after the expiration of the Restricted Period); 1 All language in brackets to be included in lock-up agreements for directors and officers. (B) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock, provided that (i) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Common Stock during the Restricted Period and (ii) no filing under the Exchange Act or other public announcements shall be required or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan during the Restricted Period; (C) [the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company described in the Prospectus that expire during the Restricted Period, provided that the underlying shares shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement, and provided further that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such exercise shall state that such exercise is for expiring options issued pursuant to an equity incentive plan of the Company]; (D) [the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company described in the Prospectus which do not expire during the Restricted Period, provided that the underlying shares shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement, and provided further that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made during the Restricted Period]; (E) [the transfer of shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into Common Stock) to the Company upon the vesting, during the Restricted Period, of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units or the exercise of options to purchase the Company’s securities that expire during the Restricted Period, in each case on a “cashless” or “net exercise” basis or to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, provided that any filings required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such transfer shall state that such transfer is for a “cashless” or “net exercise” or to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, as applicable]; (F) [the disposition by a director or officer of the Company subject to the filing requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act (each a “Section 16 filer”) of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of raising proceeds to cover the reasonably estimated U.S. federal or state tax liability incurred by such Section 16 filer as a result of (i) the vesting of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units heretofore granted to such Section 16 filer or (ii) the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock; provided, that the aggregate of all such dispositions by such Section 16 filers shall not exceed 5,800,000 shares of Common Stock in the aggregate, and provided further, that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall state that such disposition is to cover estimated tax withholding obligations in connection with such vesting of restricted shares of Common Stock or restricted stock units or the exercise of options]; (G) [the transfer or disposition of the undersigned’s shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock) that occurs by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement; provided that any filing required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act as a result of such transfer or disposition shall state that such transfer or disposition is pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, as applicable]; or (H) the transfer of shares of Common Stock (or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock) pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction approved by the Company’s board of directors and made to all holders of the Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company, provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Common Stock owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this Letter Agreement. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, [“immediate family” shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin and] “change of control” shall mean the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any “person” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of 50% of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Letter Agreement. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Letter Agreement. All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned. The undersigned understands that, if (i) each of the Representatives, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, informs the other, prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, that it has determined not to proceed with the Public Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective by September 30, 2016, or (iii) the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Securities to be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Letter Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Underwriters are entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Public Offering in reliance upon this Letter Agreement. This Letter Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Very truly yours, By: Name: Title: EX-4.1 4 d258400dex41.htm EX-4.1 EX-4.1 Exhibit 4.1 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. INDENTURE Dated as of September 14, 2016 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Trustee TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1 Section 1.1. Definitions. 1 Section 1.2. Other Definitions. 4 Section 1.3. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. 5 Section 1.4. Rules of Construction. 5 ARTICLE II. THE SECURITIES 6 Section 2.1. Issuable in Series. 6 Section 2.2. Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities. 6 Section 2.3. Execution and Authentication. 8 Section 2.4. Registrar and Paying Agent. 9 Section 2.5. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. 10 Section 2.6. Securityholder Lists. 10 Section 2.7. Transfer and Exchange. 11 Section 2.8. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities. 11 Section 2.9. Outstanding Securities. 12 Section 2.10. Treasury Securities. 12 Section 2.11. Temporary Securities. 13 Section 2.12. Cancellation. 13 Section 2.13. Defaulted Interest. 13 Section 2.14. Global Securities. 13 Section 2.15. CUSIP Numbers. 16 ARTICLE III. REDEMPTION 16 Section 3.1. Notice to Trustee. 16 Section 3.2. Selection of Securities to be Redeemed. 17 Section 3.3. Notice of Redemption. 17 Section 3.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption. 18 Section 3.5. Deposit of Redemption Price. 18 Section 3.6. Securities Redeemed in Part. 18 ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS 18 Section 4.1. Payment of Principal and Interest. 18 Section 4.2. SEC Reports. 19 Section 4.3. Compliance Certificate. 19 Section 4.4. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. 19 ARTICLE V. SUCCESSORS 20 Section 5.1. When Company May Merge, Etc. 20 Section 5.2. Successor Corporation Substituted. 20 ARTICLE VI. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 20 Section 6.1. Events of Default. 20 i Section 6.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. 22 Section 6.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. 22 Section 6.4. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 23 Section 6.5. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities. 24 Section 6.6. Application of Money Collected. 24 Section 6.7. Limitation on Suits. 24 Section 6.8. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest. 25 Section 6.9. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. 25 Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. 25 Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. 26 Section 6.12. Control by Holders. 26 Section 6.13. Waiver of Past Defaults. 26 Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs. 27 ARTICLE VII. TRUSTEE 27 Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee. 27 Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee. 28 Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee. 30 Section 7.4. Trustee’s Disclaimer. 30 Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults. 30 Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders. 30 Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity. 31 Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee. 31 Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 32 Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification. 32 Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company. 33 ARTICLE VIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE 33 Section 8.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. 33 Section 8.2. Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification. 34 Section 8.3. Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series. 34 Section 8.4. Covenant Defeasance. 36 Section 8.5. Repayment to Company. 37 Section 8.6. Reinstatement. 37 ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 38 Section 9.1. Without Consent of Holders. 38 Section 9.2. With Consent of Holders. 39 Section 9.3. Limitations. 39 Section 9.4. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act. 40 Section 9.5. Revocation and Effect of Consents. 40 Section 9.6. Notation on or Exchange of Securities. 40 Section 9.7. Trustee Protected. 40 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 41 Section 10.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls. 41 Section 10.2. Notices. 41 ii Section 10.3. Communication by Holders with Other Holders. 42 Section 10.4. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. 42 Section 10.5. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. 43 Section 10.6. Rules by Trustee and Agents. 43 Section 10.7. Legal Holidays. 43 Section 10.8. No Recourse Against Others. 43 Section 10.9. Counterparts. 43 Section 10.10. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction. 44 Section 10.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 44 Section 10.12. Successors. 44 Section 10.13. Severability. 44 Section 10.14. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 45 Section 10.15. Securities in a Foreign Currency. 45 Section 10.16. Judgment Currency. 45 Section 10.17. Force Majeure. 46 Section 10.18. U.S.A. Patriot Act. 46 ARTICLE XI. SINKING FUNDS 46 Section 11.1. Applicability of Article. 46 Section 11.2. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities. 47 Section 11.3. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund. 47 iii ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2016 § 310(a)(1) 7.10 (a)(2) 7.10 (a)(3) Not Applicable (a)(4) Not Applicable (a)(5) 7.10 (b) 7.10 § 311(a) 7.11 (b) 7.11 (c) Not Applicable § 312(a) 2.6 (b) 10.3 (c) 10.3 § 313(a) 7.6 (b)(1) 7.6 (b)(2) 7.6 (c)(1) 7.6 (d) 7.6 § 314(a) 4.2, 10.5 (b) Not Applicable (c)(1) 10.4 (c)(2) 10.4 (c)(3) Not Applicable (d) Not Applicable (e) 10.5 (f) Not Applicable § 315(a) 7.1 (b) 7.5 (c) 7.1 (d) 7.1 (e) 6.14 § 316(a) 2.10 (a)(1)(A) 6.12 (a)(1)(B) 6.13 (b) 6.8 § 317(a)(1) 6.3 (a)(2) 6.4 (b) 2.5 § 318(a) 10.1 Note: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of the Indenture. iv Indenture dated as of September 14, 2016 between ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (“Company”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States, as trustee (“Trustee”). Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities issued under this Indenture. ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Section 1.1. Definitions. “Additional Amounts” means any additional amounts which are required hereby or by any Security, under circumstances specified herein or therein, to be paid by the Company in respect of certain taxes imposed on Holders specified herein or therein and which are owing to such Holders. “Affiliate” of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by agreement or otherwise. “Agent” means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee thereof. “Board Resolution” means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been adopted by the Board of Directors or pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of the certificate and delivered to the Trustee. “Business Day” means, any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a Legal Holiday in The City of New York, New York (or in connection with any payment, the place of payment) on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. “Capital Stock” means any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock. “Company” means the party named as such above until a successor replaces it and thereafter means the successor. “Company Order” means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer. “Corporate Trust Office” means the principal office of the Trustee at which at any time this Indenture shall be administered, which office as of the date hereof is located at 333 S. Grand Avenue, 5th Floor, Suite 5A, MAC: E2064-05A, Los Angeles, CA 90071 Attention: Corporate, Municipal and Escrow Services. With respect to presentation for transfer or exchange, conversions or principal payment, such address shall be 608 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55402, attention: Bondholder Communications, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by written notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by written notice to the Holders and the Company). “Default” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default. “Depositary” means, with respect to the Securities of any Series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, the person designated as Depositary for such Series by the Company, which Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act; and if at any time there is more than one such person, “Depositary” as used with respect to the Securities of any Series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of such Series. “Discount Security” means any Security that provides for an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2. “Dollars” and “$” means the currency of The United States of America. “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. “Foreign Currency” means any currency or currency unit issued by a government other than the government of The United States of America. “Foreign Government Obligations” means, with respect to Securities of any Series that are denominated in a Foreign Currency, direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof. “GAAP” means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect as of the date of determination. 2 “Global Security” or “Global Securities” means a Security or Securities, as the case may be, in the form established pursuant to Section 2.2 evidencing all or part of a Series of Securities, issued to the Depositary for such Series or its nominee, and registered in the name of such Depositary or nominee. “Holder” or “Securityholder” means a person in whose name a Security is registered on the books of the Registrar. “Indenture” means this Indenture as amended or supplemented from time to time and shall include the form and terms of particular Series of Securities established as contemplated hereunder. “interest” with respect to any Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity. “Maturity,” when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise. “Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, and any Vice President of the Company. “Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by any Officer that meets the requirements of Section 10.5. “Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee. The opinion may contain customary limitations, conditions and exceptions. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company. “person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. “principal” of a Security means the principal of the Security plus, when appropriate, the premium, if any, on, and any Additional Amounts in respect of, the Security. “Responsible Officer” means any officer of the Trustee in its Corporate Trust Office having direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with a particular subject. “SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission. “Securities” means the debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company of any Series authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. 3 “Series” or “Series of Securities” means each series of debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company created pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof. “Stated Maturity” when used with respect to any Security, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or interest is due and payable. “Subsidiary” of any specified person means any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that person or a combination thereof. “TIA” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code §§ 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, “TIA” means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act as so amended. “Trustee” means the person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each person who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any Series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that Series. “U.S. Government Obligations” means securities which are direct obligations of, or guaranteed by, The United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt. Section 1.2. Other Definitions. TERM DEFINED INSECTION “Bankruptcy Law” 6.1 “Bearer Securities” 2.14 “Custodian” 6.1 “Event of Default” 6.1 “Judgment Currency” 10.16 “Legal Holiday” 10.7 “mandatory sinking fund payment” 11.1 “New York Banking Day” 10.16 “Notice Agent” 2.4 “optional sinking fund payment” 11.1 “Paying Agent” 2.4 “Registrar” 2.4 “Required Currency” 10.16 “Specified Courts” 10.10 “successor person” 5.1 4 Section 1.3. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings: “Commission” means the SEC. “indenture securities” means the Securities. “indenture security holder” means a Securityholder. “indenture to be qualified” means this Indenture. “indenture trustee” or “institutional trustee” means the Trustee. “obligor” on the indenture securities means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Securities. All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as so defined. Section 1.4. Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a term has the meaning assigned to it; (b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP; (c) “or” is not exclusive; (d) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; and (e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions. 5 ARTICLE II. THE SECURITIES Section 2.1. Issuable in Series. The aggregate principal amount of Securities that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more Series. All Securities of a Series shall be identical except as may be set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officer’s Certificate detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board Resolution. In the case of Securities of a Series to be issued from time to time, the Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or supplemental indenture detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board Resolution may provide for the method by which specified terms (such as interest rate, maturity date, record date or date from which interest shall accrue) are to be determined. Securities may differ between Series in respect of any matters, provided that all Series of Securities shall be equally and ratably entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. Section 2.2. Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities. At or prior to the issuance of any Securities within a Series, the following shall be established (as to the Series generally, in the case of Subsection 2.2.1 and either as to such Securities within the Series or as to the Series generally in the case of Subsections 2.2.2 through 2.2.23) by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate: 2.2.1. the title (which shall distinguish the Securities of that particular Series from the Securities of any other Series) and ranking (including the terms of any subordination provisions) of the Series; 2.2.2. the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof) at which the Securities of the Series will be issued; 2.2.3. any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the Series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the Series pursuant to Section 2.7, 2.8, 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6); 2.2.4. the date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the Series is payable; 2.2.5. the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or, if applicable, the method used to determine such rate or rates (including, but not limited to, any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the Securities of the Series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest, if any, shall accrue, the date or dates on which such interest, if any, shall commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; 6 2.2.6. the place or places where the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series shall be payable, where the Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered, and the method of such payment, if by wire transfer, mail or other means; 2.2.7. if applicable, the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which the Securities of the Series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company; 2.2.8. the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase the Securities of the Series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the Series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; 2.2.9. the dates, if any, on which and the price or prices at which the Securities of the Series will be repurchased by the Company at the option of the Holders thereof and other detailed terms and provisions of such repurchase obligations; 2.2.10. if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof, the denominations in which the Securities of the Series shall be issuable; 2.2.11. the forms of the Securities of the Series and whether the Securities will be issuable as Global Securities; 2.2.12. if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of the Securities of the Series that shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2; 2.2.13. the currency of denomination of the Securities of the Series, which may be Dollars or any Foreign Currency, and if such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency; 2.2.14. the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will be made; 2.2.15. if payments of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series are to be made in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to such payments will be determined; 2.2.16. the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will be determined, if such amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; 7 2.2.17. the provisions, if any, relating to any security provided for the Securities of the Series; 2.2.18. any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the Series and any change in the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to Section 6.2; 2.2.19. any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants set forth in Articles IV or V which applies to Securities of the Series; 2.2.20. any Depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to Securities of such Series if other than those appointed herein; 2.2.21. the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any Securities of such Series, including if applicable, the conversion or exchange price, the conversion or exchange period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, at the option of the Holders thereof or at the option of the Company, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange if such Series of Securities are redeemed; 2.2.22. any other terms of the Series (which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of this Indenture insofar as it applies to such Series), including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of Securities of that Series; and 2.2.23. whether any of the Company’s direct or indirect Subsidiaries will guarantee the Securities of that Series, including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. All Securities of any one Series need not be issued at the same time and may be issued from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Indenture, if so provided by or pursuant to the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate referred to above. Section 2.3. Execution and Authentication. An Officer shall sign the Securities for the Company by manual or facsimile signature. If an Officer whose signature is on a Security no longer holds that office at the time the Security is authenticated, the Security shall nevertheless be valid. A Security shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Security has been authenticated under this Indenture. 8 The Trustee shall at any time, and from time to time, authenticate Securities for original issue in the principal amount provided in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate, upon receipt by the Trustee of a Company Order. Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication. The aggregate principal amount of Securities of any Series outstanding at any time may not exceed any limit upon the maximum principal amount for such Series set forth in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2, except as provided in Section 2.8. Prior to the issuance of Securities of any Series, the Trustee shall have received and (subject to Section 7.2) shall be fully protected in relying on: (a) the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate establishing the form of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series and the terms of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series, (b) an Officer’s Certificate complying with Section 10.4, (c) an Opinion of Counsel complying with Section 10.4 and (d) an Opinion of Counsel (which may be the same Opinion of Counsel referred to in the preceding clause (c)) that such Securities, when they have been duly executed, issued, and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor in the circumstances described in such Opinion of Counsel, will be legally valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities of such Series: (a) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not be taken lawfully; or (b) if the Trustee in good faith by its board of directors or trustees, executive committee or a trust committee of directors and/or vice-presidents or a committee of Responsible Officers shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee to personal liability to Holders of any then outstanding Series of Securities. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Securities. An authenticating agent may authenticate Securities whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. Section 2.4. Registrar and Paying Agent. The Company shall maintain, with respect to each Series of Securities, at the place or places specified with respect to such Series pursuant to Section 2.2, an office or agency where Securities of such Series may be presented or surrendered for payment (“Paying Agent”), where Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange (“Registrar”) and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered (“Notice Agent”). The Registrar shall keep a register with respect to each Series of Securities and to their transfer and exchange. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the name and address, and any change in the name or address, of each Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent or 9 shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the name and address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided, however, that any appointment of the Trustee as the Notice Agent shall exclude the appointment of the Trustee or any office of the Trustee as an agent to receive the service of legal process on the Company. The Company may also from time to time designate one or more co-registrars, additional paying agents or additional notice agents and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligations to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent in each place so specified pursuant to Section 2.2 for Securities of any Series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the name or address of any such co-registrar, additional paying agent or additional notice agent. The term “Registrar” includes any co-registrar; the term “Paying Agent” includes any additional paying agent; and the term “Notice Agent” includes any additional notice agent. The Company or any of its Affiliates may serve as Registrar or Paying Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Trustee the initial Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent for each Series unless another Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent, as the case may be, is appointed prior to the time Securities of that Series are first issued. Section 2.5. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. The Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust, for the benefit of Securityholders of any Series of Securities, or the Trustee, all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on the Series of Securities, and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company) shall have no further liability for the money. If the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of Securityholders of any Series of Securities all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to the Company, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Securities. Section 2.6. Securityholder Lists. The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Securityholders of each Series of Securities and shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least ten days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing a list, in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Securityholders of each Series of Securities. 10 Section 2.7. Transfer and Exchange. Where Securities of a Series are presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Securities of the same Series, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its requirements for such transactions are met. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Trustee shall authenticate Securities at the Registrar’s request. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein), but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6). Neither the Company nor the Registrar shall be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of, or exchange Securities of any Series for the period beginning at the opening of business fifteen days immediately preceding the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities of that Series selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, or (b) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected, called or being called for redemption in part. Section 2.8. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities. If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such security or indemnity bond as may be required by each of them to hold itself and any of its agents harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security. Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith. 11 Every new Security of any Series issued pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that Series duly issued hereunder. The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities. Section 2.9. Outstanding Securities. The Securities outstanding at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest on a Global Security effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof and those described in this Section as not outstanding. If a Security is replaced pursuant to Section 2.8, it ceases to be outstanding until the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held by a bona fide purchaser. If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) holds on the Maturity of Securities of a Series money sufficient to pay such Securities payable on that date, then on and after that date such Securities of the Series cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue. The Company may purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities, whether by open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise. A Security does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Security (but see Section 2.10 below). In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of a Discount Security that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2. Section 2.10. Treasury Securities. In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Securities of a Series have concurred in any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, Securities of a Series owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver only Securities of a Series that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. 12 Section 2.11. Temporary Securities. Until definitive Securities are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Securities upon a Company Order. Temporary Securities shall be substantially in the form of definitive Securities but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee upon receipt of a Company Order shall authenticate definitive Securities of the same Series and date of maturity in exchange for temporary Securities. Until so exchanged, temporary securities shall have the same rights under this Indenture as the definitive Securities. Section 2.12. Cancellation. The Company at any time may deliver Securities to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Securities surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel all Securities surrendered for transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation in accordance with its customary procedures (subject to the record retention requirement of the Exchange Act and the Trustee) and deliver a certificate of such cancellation to the Company upon written request of the Company. The Company may not issue new Securities to replace Securities that it has paid or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. Section 2.13. Defaulted Interest. If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on a Series of Securities, it shall pay the defaulted interest, plus, to the extent permitted by law, any interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the persons who are Securityholders of the Series on a subsequent special record date. The Company shall fix the record date and payment date. At least 10 days before the special record date, the Company shall send to the Trustee and to each Securityholder of the Series a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of interest to be paid. The Company may pay defaulted interest in any other lawful manner. Section 2.14. Global Securities. 2.14.1. Terms of Securities. A Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate shall establish whether the Securities of a Series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and the Depositary for such Global Security or Securities. 2.14.2. Transfer and Exchange. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in Section 2.7 of the Indenture and in addition thereto, any Global Security shall be exchangeable pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Indenture for Securities registered in the names of Holders other than the Depositary for such Security or its nominee only if (i) such Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or if at any time such Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act within 90 days of such event or (ii) the Company executes and delivers to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate to the effect that such 13 Global Security shall be so exchangeable. Any Global Security that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for Securities registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct in writing in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security with like tenor and terms. Except as provided in this Section 2.14.2, a Global Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary with respect to such Global Security to a nominee of such Depositary, by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such a successor Depositary. Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. 2.14.3. Legends. Any Global Security issued hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: “THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.” In addition, so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) is the Depositary, each Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: “UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.” 2.14.4. Acts of Holders. The Depositary, as a Holder, may appoint agents and otherwise authorize participants to give or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which a Holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture. 14 (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “Act” of Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section. (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to such officer the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than such signer’s individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of such signer’s authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient. (c) The ownership of Global Securities shall be proved by the Register. The ownership of any Securities issued in certificated form (“Bearer Securities”) may be proved by the production of such Bearer Securities or by a certificate executed by any trust company, bank, banker or other depository, wherever situated, if such certificate shall be deemed by the Trustee to be satisfactory, showing that at the date therein mentioned such Person had on deposit with such depository, or exhibited to it, the Bearer Securities therein described; or such facts may be proved by the certificate or affidavit of the Person holding such Bearer Securities, if such certificate or affidavit is deemed by the Trustee to be satisfactory. The Trustee and the Company may assume that such ownership of any Bearer Security continues until (i) another such certificate or affidavit bearing a later date issued in respect of the same Bearer Security is produced, (ii) such Bearer Security is produced to the Trustee by some other Person, (iii) such Bearer Security is surrendered in exchange for a Registered Security or (iv) such Bearer Security is no longer Outstanding. The ownership of Bearer Securities may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient. (d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security. 15 (e) If the Company shall solicit from the Holders any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, the Company may, at its option, by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, fix in advance a record date for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, but the Company shall have no obligation to do so. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act may be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business on such record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, and for that purpose the Outstanding Securities shall be computed as of such record date; provided that no such authorization, agreement or consent by the Holders on such record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture not later than six months after the record date. 2.14.5. Payments. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Indenture, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.2, payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on any Global Security shall be made to the Holder thereof. 2.14.6. Consents, Declaration and Directions. The Company, the Trustee and any Agent shall treat a person as the Holder of such principal amount of outstanding Securities of such Series represented by a Global Security as shall be specified in a written statement of the Depositary or by the applicable procedures of such Depositary with respect to such Global Security, for purposes of obtaining any consents, declarations, waivers or directions required to be given by the Holders pursuant to this Indenture. Section 2.15. CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Securities may use “CUSIP” numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use “CUSIP” numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other elements of identification printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. ARTICLE III. REDEMPTION Section 3.1. Notice to Trustee. The Company may, with respect to any Series of Securities, reserve the right to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or may covenant to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or any part thereof prior to the Stated Maturity thereof at such time and on such terms as provided for in such Securities. If a Series of Securities is redeemable and the Company wants or is obligated to redeem prior to the Stated Maturity thereof all or part of the Series of Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, it shall notify the Trustee in writing of the 16 redemption date and the principal amount of Series of Securities to be redeemed. The Company shall give the notice at least 5 days before the notice is delivered to the Holders, unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the Trustee. Section 3.2. Selection of Securities to be Redeemed. Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, if less than all the Securities of a Series are to be redeemed, the Securities of the Series to be redeemed will be selected as follows: (a) if the Securities are in the form of Global Securities, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, (b) if the Securities are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange, if any, on which the Securities are listed, or (c) if not otherwise provided for under clause (a) or (b) in the manner that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate, including by lot or other method, unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange requirements, subject, in the case of Global Securities, to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. The Securities to be redeemed shall be selected from Securities of the Series outstanding not previously called for redemption. Portions of the principal of Securities of the Series that have denominations larger than $1,000 may be selected for redemption. Securities of the Series and portions of them it selected for redemption shall be in amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 or, with respect to Securities of any Series issuable in other denominations pursuant to Section 2.2.10, the minimum principal denomination for each Series and the authorized integral multiples thereof. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Securities of a Series called for redemption also apply to portions of Securities of that Series called for redemption. Section 3.3. Notice of Redemption. Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, at least 15 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company shall send or cause to be sent by first-class mail or electronically, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed. The notice shall identify the Securities of the Series to be redeemed and shall state: (a) the redemption date; (b) the redemption price; (c) the name and address of the Paying Agent; (d) if any Securities are being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Securities to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date and upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Security shall be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Security; 17 (e) that Securities of the Series called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; (f) that interest on Securities of the Series called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date unless the Company defaults in the deposit of the redemption price; (g) the CUSIP number, if any; and (h) any other information as may be required by the terms of the particular Series or the Securities of a Series being redeemed. At the Company’s request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at its expense, provided, however, that the Company has delivered to the Trustee, at least 10 days (unless a shorter time shall be acceptable to the Trustee) prior to the notice date, an Officer’s Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice. Section 3.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption. Once notice of redemption is sent as provided in Section 3.3, Securities of a Series called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date and at the redemption price. Except as otherwise provided in the supplemental indenture, Board Resolution or Officer’s Certificate for a Series, a notice of redemption may not be conditional. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, such Securities shall be paid at the redemption price plus accrued interest to the redemption date. Section 3.5. Deposit of Redemption Price. On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the redemption date, the Company shall irrevocably deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient (as determined by the Company) to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest, if any, on all Securities to be redeemed on that date. Section 3.6. Securities Redeemed in Part. Upon surrender of a Security that is redeemed in part, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder a new Security of the same Series and the same maturity equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Security surrendered. ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS Section 4.1. Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Holders of each Series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of that Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture. On 18 or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the applicable payment date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of each Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture. Section 4.2. SEC Reports. To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 15 days after it files them with the SEC copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents, and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company also shall comply with the other provisions of TIA § 314(a). Reports, information and documents filed with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee as of the time of such filing via EDGAR for purposes of this Section 4.2. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under this Section 4.2 are for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates). Section 4.3. Compliance Certificate. To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an Officer’s Certificate stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officers with a view to determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to each such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his/her knowledge the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions hereof (or, if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which the Officer may have knowledge). Section 4.4. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture or the Securities; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 19 ARTICLE V. SUCCESSORS Section 5.1. When Company May Merge, Etc. The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, any person (a “successor person”) unless: (a) the Company is the surviving corporation or the successor person (if other than the Company) is a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes, by a supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, the Company’s obligations on the Securities and under this Indenture; and (b) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officer’s Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture. Notwithstanding the above, any Subsidiary of the Company may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to the Company. Neither an Officer’s Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith. Section 5.2. Successor Corporation Substituted. Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in accordance with Section 5.1, the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor person has been named as the Company herein; provided, however, that the predecessor Company in the case of a sale, conveyance or other disposition (other than a lease) shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities. ARTICLE VI. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES Section 6.1. Events of Default. “Event of Default,” wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any Series, means any one of the following events, unless in the establishing Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officer’s Certificate, it is provided that such Series shall not have the benefit of said Event of Default: (a) default in the payment of any interest on any Security of that Series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of such payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 30th day of such period); or 20 (b) default in the payment of principal of any Security of that Series at its Maturity; or (c) default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Indenture (other than defaults pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) above or pursuant to a covenant or warranty that has been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of Series of Securities other than that Series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” hereunder; or (d) the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences a voluntary case, (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (v) generally is unable to pay its debts as the same become due; or (e) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days; or (f) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of that Series, which is specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, in accordance with Section 2.2.18. 21 The term “Bankruptcy Law” means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors. The term “Custodian” means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. The Company will provide the Trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof. Section 6.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default referred to in Section 6.1(d) or (e)) then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series may declare the principal amount (or, if any Securities of that Series are Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such Securities) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Securities of that Series to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) shall occur, the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Securities shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to any Series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if all Events of Default with respect to Securities of that Series, other than the non-payment of the principal and interest, if any, of Securities of that Series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 6.13. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Section 6.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. The Company covenants that if (a) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days, or (b) default is made in the payment of principal of any Security at the Maturity thereof, or (c) default is made in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, if any, when and as due by the terms of a Security, 22 then, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and any overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. If the Company fails to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities and collect the moneys adjudged or deemed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated. If an Event of Default with respect to any Securities of any Series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such Series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy. Section 6.4. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of overdue principal or interest) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and (b) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, 23 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. Section 6.5. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered. Section 6.6. Application of Money Collected. Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money or property on account of principal or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid: First: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7; and Second: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and interest, respectively; and Third: To the Company. Section 6.7. Limitation on Suits. No Holder of any Security of any Series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless (a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of that Series; 24 (b) the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by the Trustee in compliance with such request; (d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and (e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series; it being understood, intended and expressly covenanted by the Holder of every Security with every other Holder and the Trustee that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such Holders of the applicable Series. Section 6.8. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on such Security on the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder. Section 6.9. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in Section 2.8, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in 25 addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not, to the extent permitted by law, prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be. Section 6.12. Control by Holders. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such Series, provided that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction, (c) subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, determine that the proceeding so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability, and (d) prior to taking any action as directed under this Section 6.12, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnity satisfactory to it against the losses, costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. Section 6.13. Waiver of Past Defaults. The Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such Series, by written notice to the Trustee and the Company, waive any past Default hereunder with respect to such Series and its consequences, except a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of such Series (provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration). Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 26 Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Company, to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security on or after the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date). ARTICLE VII. TRUSTEE Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee. (a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs. (b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: (i) The Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others. (ii) In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officer’s Certificates or Opinions of Counsel furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; however, in the case of any such Officer’s Certificates or Opinions of Counsel which by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine such Officer’s Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to determine whether or not they conform to the form requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein). (c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that: (i) This paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section. 27 (ii) The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. (iii) The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it with respect to Securities of any Series in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series in accordance with Section 6.12. (d) Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of this Section. (e) The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against the losses, costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. (f) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest or investment on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. (g) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. (h) The Paying Agent, the Registrar and any authenticating agent shall be entitled to the protections and immunities as are set forth in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) of this Section and in Section 7.2, each with respect to the Trustee. Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee. (a) The Trustee may conclusively rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. (b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officer’s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer’s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. (c) The Trustee may act through agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care. No Depositary shall be deemed an agent of the Trustee and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any act or omission by any Depositary. 28 (d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers, provided that the Trustee’s conduct does not constitute willful misconduct or negligence. (e) The Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder without willful misconduct or negligence, and in reliance thereon. (f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders of Securities unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the losses, costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. (g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit. (h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities generally or the Securities of a particular Series and this Indenture. (i) In no event shall the Trustee be liable to any person for special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. (j) The permissive right of the Trustee to take the actions permitted by this Indenture shall not be construed as an obligation or duty to do so. (k) No bond or surety shall be required with respect to performance of Trustee’s duties and powers. (l) Under no circumstances shall the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes. (m) Any request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Order and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution. 29 (n) The Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture. (o) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder. Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11. Section 7.4. Trustee’s Disclaimer. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Securities, it shall not be accountable for the Company’s use of the proceeds from the Securities, and it shall not be responsible for any statement in the Securities other than its authentication. The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustee’s certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee or any Authenticating Agent assumes no responsibility for their correctness. Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any Series and if it is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to each Securityholder of the Securities of that Series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Security of any Series, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as it in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Securityholders of that Series. Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders. Within 60 days after each June 1, commencing June 1, 2017, the Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Securityholders, as their names and addresses appear on the register kept by the Registrar, a brief report dated as of such anniversary date, in accordance with, and to the extent required under, TIA § 313. A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Securityholders of any Series shall be filed with the SEC and each national securities exchange on which the Securities of that Series are listed. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing when Securities of any Series are listed on any national securities exchange or delisted from any national securities exchange. 30 Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity. The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time to time compensation for its services as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time agree upon in writing. The Trustee’s compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by it. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and counsel. The Company shall indemnify each of the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee (including for the cost of defending itself) against any cost, damages, losses, expense or liability, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred by it except as set forth in the next paragraph in the performance of its duties under this Indenture or in connection with its acceptance of its obligations hereunder, as Trustee or Agent. The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder, unless and to the extent that the Company is materially prejudiced thereby. The Company shall defend the claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have one separate counsel and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. This indemnification shall apply to officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents of the Trustee. The Company need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee or by any officer, director, employee, shareholder or agent of the Trustee through willful misconduct or negligence, as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. To secure the Company’s payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities of any Series on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of and interest on particular Securities of that Series. When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Indenture or the resignation or removal of the Trustee. Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee. A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor Trustee’s acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section. The Trustee may resign with respect to the Securities of one or more Series by so notifying the Company at least 30 days prior to the date of the proposed resignation. The 31 Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities of any Series may remove the Trustee with respect to that Series by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing at least 30 days prior to such removal. The Company may remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of one or more Series with at least 30 days written notice if: (a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10; (b) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law; (c) a Custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or (d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any one or more Series does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities of the applicable Series may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Promptly after that, the retiring Trustee shall transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.7, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee with respect to each Series of Securities for which it is acting as Trustee under this Indenture. A successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to each Securityholder of each such Series. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.8, the Company’s obligations under Section 7.7 hereof shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee with respect to expenses and liabilities incurred by it for actions taken or omitted to be taken in accordance with its rights, powers and duties under this Indenture prior to such replacement. Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee, subject to Section 7.10. Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification. This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus of at least $25,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with TIA § 310(b). 32 Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company. The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA § 311(a) to the extent indicated. ARTICLE VIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE Section 8.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall upon Company Order be discharged with respect to the Securities of any Series and cease to be of further effect as to all Securities of such Series (except as hereinafter provided in this Section 8.1), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when (a) either (i) all Securities of such Series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Securities that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) all such Securities of such Series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (1) have become due and payable by reason of sending a notice of redemption or otherwise, or (2) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or (3) have been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, or (4) are deemed paid and discharged pursuant to Section 8.3, as applicable; and the Company, in the case of (1), (2) or (3) above, shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust an amount of money or U.S. Government Obligations, which amount shall be sufficient (as determined by the Company) for the purpose of paying and discharging each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest are due; 33 (b) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and (c) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge contemplated by this Section have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.7, and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (a) of this Section, the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.7, 2.8, 8.2 and 8.5 shall survive. Section 8.2. Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8.5, all money and U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 and all money received by the Trustee in respect of U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4, shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the persons entitled thereto, of the principal and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received by the Trustee or to make mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments as contemplated by Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4. (b) The Company shall pay and shall indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 or the interest and principal received in respect of such obligations other than any payable by or on behalf of Holders. (c) The Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Order any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations or money held by it as provided in Sections 8.3 or 8.4 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are then in excess of the amount thereof which then would have been required to be deposited for the purpose for which such U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations or money were deposited or received. This provision shall not authorize the sale by the Trustee of any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held under this Indenture. Section 8.3. Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series. Unless this Section 8.3 is otherwise specified, pursuant to Section 2.2, to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company shall be deemed to have paid and 34 discharged the entire indebtedness on all the outstanding Securities of any Series on the 91st day after the date of the deposit referred to in subparagraph (d) hereof, and the provisions of this Indenture, as it relates to such outstanding Securities of such Series, shall no longer be in effect (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, execute instruments acknowledging the same), except as to: (a) the rights of Holders of Securities of such Series to receive, from the trust funds described in subparagraph (d) hereof, (i) payment of the principal of and each installment of principal of and interest on the outstanding Securities of such Series on the Maturity of such principal or installment of principal or interest and (ii) the benefit of any mandatory sinking fund payments applicable to the Securities of such Series on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Securities of such Series; (b) the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.7, 2.8, 7.7, 8.2, 8.3, 8.5 and 8.6; and (c) the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith; provided that, the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (d) the Company shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds specifically pledged as security for and dedicated solely to the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations, or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal of and interest, on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest and such sinking fund payments are due; (e) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; (f) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or during the period ending on the 91st day after such date; (g) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (ii) since the date of 35 execution of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred; (h) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and (i) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with. Section 8.4. Covenant Defeasance. Unless this Section 8.4 is otherwise specified pursuant to Section 2.2 to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company may omit to comply with respect to the Securities of any Series with any term, provision or condition set forth under Sections 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6 and 5.1 and, unless otherwise specified therein, any additional covenants specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 (and the failure to comply with any such covenants shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to such Series under Section 6.1) and the occurrence of any event specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2.18 and designated as an Event of Default shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder, with respect to the Securities of such Series, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities will be unaffected thereby; provided that the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (a) with reference to this Section 8.4, the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations, or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest are due; 36 (b) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; (c) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (d) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (ii) since the date of execution of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm, subject to customary exclusions, that the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, covenant defeasance and discharge and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit, covenant defeasance and discharge had not occurred; (e) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and (f) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the covenant defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with. Section 8.5. Repayment to Company. Subject to applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon request any money held by them for the payment of principal and interest that remains unclaimed for two years. After that, Securityholders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person, and the Trustee shall have no further liability with respect to such money. Section 8.6. Reinstatement. If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money deposited with respect to Securities of any Series in accordance with Section 8.1 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the obligations of the Company under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series and under the Securities of such Series shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.1 until such time as the Trustee or the Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in 37 accordance with Section 8.1; provided, however, that if the Company has made any payment of principal of or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to any Securities because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent after payment in full to the Holders. ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 9.1. Without Consent of Holders. The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series without the consent of any Securityholder: (a) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency as evidenced by an Officer Certificate; (b) to comply with Article V; (c) to provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities; (d) to add guarantees with respect to Securities of any Series or secure Securities of any Series; (e) to surrender any of the Company’s rights or powers under this Indenture; (f) to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of Securities of any Series; (g) to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; (h) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Securityholder; (i) to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of Securities of any Series as permitted by this Indenture; (j) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more Series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee; or (k) to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA. 38 Section 9.2. With Consent of Holders. The Company and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of each Series affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series), for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders of each such Series. Except as provided in Section 6.13, the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series by notice to the Trustee (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series) may waive compliance by the Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Securities with respect to such Series. It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders of Securities under this Section 9.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. After a supplemental indenture or waiver under this section becomes effective, the Company shall send to the Holders of Securities affected thereby, a notice briefly describing the supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure by the Company to send such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture or waiver. Section 9.3. Limitations. Without the consent of each Securityholder affected, an amendment or waiver may not: (a) reduce the principal amount of Securities whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; (b) reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any Security; (c) reduce the principal or change the Stated Maturity of any Security or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation; (d) reduce the principal amount of Discount Securities payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof; (e) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security (except a rescission of acceleration of the Securities of any Series by the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); (f) make the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security payable in any currency other than that stated in the Security; 39 (g) make any change in Sections 6.8, 6.13 or 9.3 (this sentence); or (h) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Security, provided that such redemption is made at the Company’s option. Section 9.4. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment to this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series shall be set forth in a supplemental indenture hereto that complies with the TIA as then in effect. Section 9.5. Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment is set forth in a supplemental indenture or a waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Security is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Security. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to his Security or portion of a Security if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date of the supplemental indenture or the date the waiver becomes effective. Any amendment or waiver once effective shall bind every Securityholder of each Series affected by such amendment or waiver unless it is of the type described in any of clauses (a) through (h) of Section 9.3. In that case, the amendment or waiver shall bind each Holder of a Security who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the second immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or take any such action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date. Section 9.6. Notation on or Exchange of Securities. The Company or the Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment or waiver on any Security of any Series thereafter authenticated. The Company in exchange for Securities of that Series may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate upon receipt of a Company Order in accordance with Section 2.3 new Securities of that Series that reflect the amendment or waiver. Section 9.7. Trustee Protected. In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and (subject to Section 7.1) shall be fully 40 protected in relying upon, an Officer’s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both complying with Section 10.4 and stating that the supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and constitutes a legal valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. The Trustee shall sign all supplemental indentures upon delivery of such an Officer’s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel or both, except that the Trustee need not sign any supplemental indenture that adversely affects its rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS Section 10.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls. If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the TIA, such required or deemed provision shall control. Section 10.2. Notices. Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other, or by a Holder to the Company or the Trustee, is duly given if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission, email or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others’ address: if to the Company: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. One AMD Place P.O. Box 3453 Sunnyvale, California 94088-3453 Attention: Harry A. Wolin Telephone: (408) 749-4000 with a copy to: Latham & Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, California 94025 Attention: Tad J. Freese Telephone: (650) 328-4600 if to the Trustee: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 333 S. Grand Avenue, 5th Floor, Suite 5A MAC: E2064-05A Los Angeles, California 90071 Attention: Corporate, Municipal and Escrow Services Telephone: 213-253-7507 41 with a copy to: Dorsey & Whitney LLP 51 West 52nd Street New York, New York 10019 Attention: Mark Jutsen Telephone: 212-415-9335 The Company or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. Any notice or communication to a Securityholder shall be sent electronically or by first-class mail to his address shown on the register kept by the Registrar, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary. Failure to send a notice or communication to a Securityholder of any Series or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Securityholders of that or any other Series. If a notice or communication is sent or published in the manner provided above, within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the Securityholder receives it. If the Company sends a notice or communication to Securityholders, it shall send a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption) to a Holder of a Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given to the Depositary for such Security (or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary. Section 10.3. Communication by Holders with Other Holders. Securityholders of any Series may communicate pursuant to TIA § 312(b) with other Securityholders of that Series or any other Series with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Securities of that Series or all Series. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA § 312(c). Section 10.4. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee: (a) an Officer’s Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and (b) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with. 42 Section 10.5. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to TIA § 314(a)(4)) shall comply with the provisions of TIA § 314(e) and shall include: (a) a statement that the person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; (c) a statement that, in the opinion of such person, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with. Section 10.6. Rules by Trustee and Agents. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Securityholders of one or more Series. Any Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. Section 10.7. Legal Holidays. A “Legal Holiday” is any day that is not a Business Day. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period. Section 10.8. No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, employee or stockholder (past or present), as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Securityholder by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities. Section 10.9. Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The 43 exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. Section 10.10. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES) EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York (collectively, the “Specified Courts”), and each party irrevocably submits to the non exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The Company, the Trustee and the Holders (by their acceptance of the Securities) each hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Section 10.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. Section 10.12. Successors. All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Securities shall bind its successor. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successor. Section 10.13. Severability. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 44 Section 10.14. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The Table of Contents, Cross Reference Table, and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. Section 10.15. Securities in a Foreign Currency. Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all Series or all Series affected by a particular action at the time outstanding and, at such time, there are outstanding Securities of any Series which are denominated in more than one currency, then the principal amount of Securities of such Series which shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of taking such action shall be determined by converting any such other currency into a currency that is designated upon issuance of any particular Series of Securities. Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, such conversion shall be at the spot rate for the purchase of the designated currency as published in The Financial Times in the “Currency Rates” section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Company) on any date of determination. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply in determining the equivalent principal amount in respect of Securities of a Series denominated in currency other than Dollars in connection with any action taken by Holders of Securities pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. All decisions and determinations provided for in the preceding paragraph shall, in the absence of manifest error, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive for all purposes and irrevocably binding upon the Trustee and all Holders. Section 10.16. Judgment Currency. The Company agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest or other amount on the Securities of any Series (the “Required Currency”) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the “Judgment Currency”), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in The City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered, unless such day is not a New York Banking Day, then the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in The City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the New York Banking Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (b) its obligations under this Indenture to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not 45 entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed to be payable, and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, “New York Banking Day” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a Legal Holiday in The City of New York on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. Section 10.17. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. Section 10.18. U.S.A. Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act. ARTICLE XI. SINKING FUNDS Section 11.1. Applicability of Article. The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of the Securities of a Series if so provided by the terms of such Securities pursuant to Section 2.2 and except as otherwise permitted or required by any form of Security of such Series issued pursuant to this Indenture. The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of the Securities of any Series is herein referred to as a “mandatory sinking fund payment” and any other amount provided for by the terms of Securities of such Series is herein referred to as an “optional sinking fund payment.” If provided for by the terms of Securities of any Series, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 11.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities of any Series as provided for by the terms of the Securities of such Series. 46 Section 11.2. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities. The Company may, in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to the Securities of any Series to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities (1) deliver outstanding Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable (other than any of such Securities previously called for mandatory sinking fund redemption) and (2) apply as credit Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable and which have been repurchased by the Company or redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Series of Securities (except pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund) or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments or other optional redemptions pursuant to the terms of such Securities, provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received by the Trustee, together with an Officer’s Certificate with respect thereto, not later than 15 days prior to the date on which the Trustee begins the process of selecting Securities for redemption, and shall be credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. If as a result of the delivery or credit of Securities in lieu of cash payments pursuant to this Section 11.2, the principal amount of Securities of such Series to be redeemed in order to exhaust the aforesaid cash payment shall be less than $100,000, the Trustee need not call Securities of such Series for redemption, except upon receipt of a Company Order that such action be taken, and such cash payment shall be held by the Trustee or a Paying Agent and applied to the next succeeding sinking fund payment, provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent shall from time to time upon receipt of a Company Order pay over and deliver to the Company any cash payment so being held by the Trustee or such Paying Agent upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of Securities of that Series purchased by the Company having an unpaid principal amount equal to the cash payment required to be released to the Company. Section 11.3. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund. Not less than 45 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate in respect of a particular Series of Securities) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any Series of Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment for that Series pursuant to the terms of that Series, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting of Securities of that Series pursuant to Section 11.2, and the optional amount, if any, to be added in cash to the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, and the Company shall thereupon be obligated to pay the amount therein specified. Not less than 30 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or supplemental indenture in respect of a particular Series of Securities) before each such sinking fund payment date the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date will be selected in the manner specified in Section 3.2 and the Company shall send or cause to be sent a notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in and in accordance with Section 3.3. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6. 47 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Devinder Kumar Name: Devinder Kumar Its: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: /s/ Maddy Hughes Name: Maddy Hughes Its: Vice President EX-4.2 5 d258400dex42.htm EX-4.2 EX-4.2 Exhibit 4.2 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of September 14, 2016 to INDENTURE Dated as of September 14, 2016 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Trustee TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1 Section 1.01 Scope 1 Section 1.02 Definitions 2 Section 1.03 References to Interest 11 Section 1.04 References to Principal 11 ARTICLE 2 ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 11 Section 2.01 Designation and Amount 11 Section 2.02 Form of Notes 11 Section 2.03 Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 12 Section 2.04 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary 13 Section 2.05 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 14 Section 2.06 Additional Notes; Repurchases 15 ARTICLE 3 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 15 Section 3.01 Applicability of Article 8 of the Base Indenture 15 Section 3.02 Satisfaction and Discharge 15 ARTICLE 4 PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 16 Section 4.01 Maintenance of Office or Agency 16 Section 4.02 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustee’s Office 16 Section 4.03 Provisions as to Paying Agent 16 Section 4.04 Reports 17 Section 4.05 Statements as to Defaults 18 ARTICLE 5 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 18 Section 5.01 Applicability of Article 6 of the Base Indenture 18 Section 5.02 Events of Default 18 Section 5.03 Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 20 Section 5.04 Additional Interest 20 Section 5.05 Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 21 Section 5.06 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 22 Section 5.07 Proceedings by Holders 22 Section 5.08 Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 23 Section 5.09 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 24 Section 5.10 Notice of Defaults 24 Section 5.11 Undertaking to Pay Costs 24 -i- TABLE OF CONTENTS (Continued) Page ARTICLE 6 CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE 24 Section 6.01 Amendments to Article 7 of the Base Indenture 24 ARTICLE 7 CONCERNING THE HOLDERS 25 Section 7.01 Applicability of Section 2.14.6 of the Base Indenture 25 Section 7.02 Action by Holders 25 Section 7.03 Proof of Execution by Holders 25 Section 7.04 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 25 Section 7.05 Company-Owned Notes 26 Section 7.06 Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 26 ARTICLE 8 HOLDERS’ MEETINGS 26 Section 8.01 Applicability of Section 10.6 of the Base Indenture 26 Section 8.02 Purpose of Meetings 26 Section 8.03 Call of Meetings by Trustee 27 Section 8.04 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 27 Section 8.05 Qualifications for Voting 27 Section 8.06 Regulations 27 Section 8.07 Voting 28 Section 8.08 No Delay of Rights by Meeting 28 ARTICLE 9 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 29 Section 9.01 Applicability of Article 9 of the Base Indenture 29 Section 9.02 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 29 Section 9.03 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 30 Section 9.04 Effect of Supplemental Indentures 31 ARTICLE 10 CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE 31 Section 10.01 Applicability of Article 5 of the Base Indenture 31 Section 10.02 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 32 Section 10.03 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted 32 Section 10.04 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee 33 ARTICLE 11 CONVERSION OF NOTES 33 Section 11.01 Conversion Privilege 33 Section 11.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement upon Conversion 35 Section 11.03 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes 39 Section 11.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate 41 Section 11.05 Adjustments of Prices 52 Section 11.06 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 52 -ii- TABLE OF CONTENTS (Continued) Page Section 11.07 Certain Covenants 54 Section 11.08 Responsibility of Trustee 54 Section 11.09 Stockholder Rights Plans 55 Section 11.10 Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 56 ARTICLE 12 REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS 56 Section 12.01 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 56 Section 12.02 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 59 Section 12.03 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 60 Section 12.04 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws upon Repurchase of Notes 60 ARTICLE 13 NO REDEMPTION 61 Section 13.01 No Redemption 61 ARTICLE 14 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 61 Section 14.01 Provisions Binding on Company’s Successors 61 Section 14.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation 61 Section 14.03 Governing Law; Jurisdiction 61 Section 14.04 Legal Holidays 62 Section 14.05 No Security Interest Created 62 Section 14.06 Benefits of Indenture 62 Section 14.07 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 62 Section 14.08 Execution in Counterparts 62 Section 14.09 Severability 62 Section 14.10 Waiver of Jury Trial 62 Section 14.11 USA PATRIOT Act 62 EXHIBIT Exhibit A Form of Note A-1 -iii- This First Supplemental Indenture (this “First Supplemental Indenture”) dated as of September 14, 2016 between ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, as issuer (“Company”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (“Trustee”). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2016 (the “Base Indenture” and as supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture and as may be further supplemented or amended with respect to the Notes, the “Indenture”), to provide for the issuance by the Company from time to time of its debentures, notes or other debt instruments (the “Securities”); WHEREAS, Section 2.1, Section 2.2 and Section 9.1(i) of the Base Indenture provide that the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture, without the consent of any Holders, to, among other things, establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by the Base Indenture; WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $700,000,000 (or $805,000,000 if the Underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional Notes in full in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement), and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture; and WHEREAS, the Company desires to issue $700,000,000 (or $805,000,000 if the Underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional Notes in full in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement) aggregate principal amount of the Notes as of the date hereof. NOW, THEREFORE: Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Section 1.01 Scope. This First Supplemental Indenture constitutes a supplement to the Base Indenture and an integral part of the Indenture and shall be read together with the Base Indenture as though all the provisions thereof are contained in one instrument. Except as expressly amended by this First Supplemental Indenture, the terms and provisions of the Base Indenture shall remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this First Supplemental Indenture shall only apply to the Notes. For all purposes under the Base Indenture, the Notes shall constitute a single Series, and with regard to any matter requiring the consent under the Base Indenture of Holders (as defined under the Base Indenture) of multiple Series of Notes voting together as a single class, the consent of Holders of the Notes issued hereunder voting as a separate class shall also be required and the same threshold shall apply. With respect to the Notes, if the terms of the Base Indenture are inconsistent with the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture, the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture shall control. Section 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise specified herein: (a) all terms used in this First Supplemental Indenture that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings they are given in the Base Indenture; (b) the rules of construction stated in Section 1.4 of the Base Indenture shall apply to this First Supplemental Indenture; (c) the words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereto” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import in this First Supplemental Indenture shall refer to this First Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to the Base Indenture or any particular Article, Section or other subdivision of the Base Indenture or this First Supplemental Indenture; and (d) Section 1.1 of the Base Indenture is amended and supplemented, solely with respect to the Notes, by inserting the following additional defined terms in their appropriate alphabetical positions and deleting any defined terms therein that are also defined in this Section 1.02. “1% Provision” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(j). “Additional Interest” means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 5.04. “Additional Shares” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.03(a). “Base Indenture” shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “Bid Solicitation Agent” means the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 11.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent. “Business Day” means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. If any Interest Payment Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a “Business Day.” -2- “Cash Settlement” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.02(a). “Clause A Distribution” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “Clause B Distribution” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “Clause C Distribution” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “close of business” means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time). “Combination Settlement” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.02(a). “Common Equity” of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. “Common Stock” means the shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, at the date of this First Supplemental Indenture, subject to Section 11.06. “Common Stock Change Event” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.06(a). “Company” shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this First Supplemental Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 10, shall include its successors and assigns. “Conversion Agent” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a). “Conversion Consideration” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.10. “Conversion Date” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.02(c). “Conversion Obligation” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). “Conversion Price” means as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time. “Conversion Rate” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). “Daily Conversion Value” means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, 1/20th of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. “Daily Measurement Value” means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 20. -3- “Daily Settlement Amount,” for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, shall consist of: (a) cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day; and (b) if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. “Daily VWAP” means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading “Bloomberg VWAP” on Bloomberg page “AMD <equity> AQR” (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of Common Stock on such Trading Day determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The “Daily VWAP” shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. “Defaulted Amounts” means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for. “Depositary” means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.04(d) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, “Depositary” shall mean or include such successor. “Designated Institution” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.10. “Distributed Property” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “Effective Date” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.03(c), except that, as used in Section 11.04 and Section 11.05, “Effective Date” means the first date on which the Common Stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. “Event of Default” shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.02. “Ex-Dividend Date” means the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of shares of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. -4- “Exchange Election” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.10. “First Supplemental Indenture” shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this First Supplemental Indenture. “Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice” means the “Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice” attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. “Form of Note” means the “Form of Note” attached hereto as Exhibit A. “Form of Notice of Conversion” means the “Form of Notice of Conversion” attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. “Fundamental Change” shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs: (a) a “person” or “group” within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, files a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act that such person or group has become the direct or indirect “beneficial owner,” as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Company’s Common Equity representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Company’s Common Equity; (b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, shares, stock, other securities, other property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the Company’s Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Company’s Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b); (c) the shareholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or (d) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market, The New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT (or any of their respective successors); -5- provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (a) or clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at least 90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common shareholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made pursuant to dissenters’ appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of common stock that is listed or quoted on any of The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market, The New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions the Notes become convertible into such consideration, excluding cash payments for fractional shares (subject to the provisions of Section 11.02(a)). If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by the securities of another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following clause (d) of the definition thereof, following the effective date of such transaction) references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity. “Fundamental Change Company Notice” shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.01(c). “Fundamental Change Repurchase Date” shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.01(a). “Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice” shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.01(b)(i). “Fundamental Change Repurchase Price” shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.01(a). “Global Note” shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c). “Holder,” as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term “beneficial owner”), means any Person in whose name at any given time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register. “Indenture” shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “Interest Payment Date” means each March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2017. -6- “Last Reported Sale Price” of the Common Stock on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded. If the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the “Last Reported Sale Price” shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted, the “Last Reported Sale Price” shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on the relevant date from a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company for this purpose. “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” means any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof). “Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.03(a). “Market Disruption Event” means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock. “Maturity Date” means September 1, 2026. “Measurement Period” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(b)(i). “Note” or “Notes” shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “Note Register” means the register maintained by the Registrar with respect to the Notes in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Base Indenture. “Notice of Conversion” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.02(b). “Observation Period” with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i) if the relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to the 25th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; and (ii) if the relevant Conversion Date -7- occurs on or after the 25th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 20 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 22nd Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. “open of business” means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time). “outstanding,” when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 of the Base Indenture and Section 7.05 of this First Supplemental Indenture, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under the Indenture, except: (a) Notes theretofore canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation; (b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent); (c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.05 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.05 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course; (d) Notes converted pursuant to Article 11 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.05; and (e) Notes repurchased by the Company pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.06; provided that (i) Section 2.9 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes and (ii) references in the Base Indenture to any “outstanding” Notes shall be deemed to refer to the foregoing definition of “outstanding.” “Physical Notes” means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. “Physical Settlement” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.02(a). “Predecessor Note” of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.05 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces. -8- “Prospectus Supplement” means the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 6, 2016, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet dated September 8, 2016, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes. “Record Date” means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise). “Reference Property” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.06(a). “Regular Record Date,” with respect to any Interest Payment Date, means the February 15 or August 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 1 or September 1 Interest Payment Date, respectively. “Scheduled Trading Day” means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, “Scheduled Trading Day” means a Business Day. “Settlement Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(a)(iv). “Settlement Method” means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company. “Settlement Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(a)(iii). “Significant Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Company that meets the definition of “significant subsidiary” in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. “Specified Dollar Amount” means the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice (or deemed) related to any converted Notes. “Spin-Off” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “Stock Price” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.03(c). “Successor Company” shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a). “Trading Day” means a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on the NASDAQ Capital Market or, -9- if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, “Trading Day” means a Business Day; and provided, further, that for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, “Trading Day” means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the NASDAQ Capital Market or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, “Trading Day” means a Business Day. “Trading Price” of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities dealers the Company selects for this purpose; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, then that one bid shall be used. If the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer on any determination date, then the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. “Trigger Event” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). “Trustee” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this First Supplemental Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. “Underwriters” means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. “Underwriting Agreement” means that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2016, among the Company and the Underwriters. “unit of Reference Property” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.06(a). “Valuation Period” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04(c). -10- “Wholly Owned Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to “more than 50%” in the definition of “Subsidiary” in the Base Indenture shall be deemed replaced by a reference to “100%.” Section 1.03 References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in the Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to Section 5.04. Unless the context otherwise requires, any express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. Section 1.04 References to Principal. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to the principal of, or the principal amount of, any Note in the Base Indenture or this First Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to include the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if, in such context, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price is, was or would be payable in accordance with Article 12. Unless the context otherwise requires, any express mention of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. ARTICLE 2 ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES Section 2.01 Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the “2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026.” The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture is initially limited to $700,000,000 (or $805,000,000 if the Underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional Notes in full in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement), subject to Section 2.06 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes pursuant to Section 2.7, Section 2.8, Section 2.11 and Section 9.6 of the Base Indenture as amended, in each case as applicable, by this First Supplemental Indenture and to the extent expressly permitted hereunder. Section 2.02 Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustee’s certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of the Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of the Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. -11- Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with the Indenture. Payment of principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein. Section 2.03 Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. (b) The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes in the contiguous United States, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and (y) in the case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to each Holder or, upon application by such a Holder to the Registrar not later than the -12- relevant Regular Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holder’s account within the United States, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. Section 2.04 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary. (a) The last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 2.7 of the Base Indenture and the second paragraph of Section 2.7 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. (b) No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar, any co-Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, none of the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar or any co-Registrar shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion or (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 12. (c) So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the third paragraph of Section 2.04(d), all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a “Global Note”) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with the Indenture and the procedures of the Depositary therefor. (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.04(d)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co. Section 2.14.2 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary -13- for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officer’s Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause (iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owner’s beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled. Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.04(d) shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the relevant beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered. At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, repurchased or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase. None of the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Note or maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Section 2.05 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended with respect to the Notes by (i) replacing the first sentence thereof with the sentence: “The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment, repurchase, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee (including any of the Company’s agents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates), to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation” and (ii) inserting at the end of the fourth sentence thereof the phrase “, except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of the Indenture”. -14- Section 2.06 Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without the consent of the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen the Indenture and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue price and interest accrued prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, if applicable, restrictions on transfer in respect of such additional notes) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officer’s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Sections 2.3 and 10.5 of the Base Indenture, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties pursuant to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. The Company shall cause any Notes so repurchased (other than Notes repurchased pursuant to cash-settled swaps or other derivatives) to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.05 and such Notes shall no longer be considered outstanding under the Indenture upon their repurchase. ARTICLE 3 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE Section 3.01 Applicability of Article 8 of the Base Indenture. Article 8 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the satisfaction and discharge provisions set forth in this Article 3 shall, with respect to the Notes, supersede in their entirety such Article 8 of the Base Indenture, and all references in the Base Indenture to such Article 8 or any Sections thereof and satisfaction and discharge provisions therein, as the case may be, shall, with respect to the Notes, be deemed to be references to this Article 3 and Section 3.02 and the satisfaction and discharge provisions set forth in this Article 3 and Section 3.02. Section 3.02 Satisfaction and Discharge. The Indenture shall upon request of the Company contained in an Officer’s Certificate cease to be of further effect, and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, when (a) (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.8 of the Base Indenture (as amended by Section 2.05 of this First Supplemental Indenture)) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) the Company has irrevocably deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or upon conversion or otherwise, cash, shares of Common Stock (or, if applicable, Reference Property) or a combination thereof, as applicable, solely to satisfy the Company’s Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under the Indenture by the Company; and (b) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an -15- Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent in the Indenture provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.7 of the Base Indenture shall survive. ARTICLE 4 PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY Section 4.01 Maintenance of Office or Agency. (a) Pursuant to Section 2.2 and Section 2.4 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent (the “Conversion Agent”) and the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency where Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and the Indenture may be served. The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other additional conversion agents and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that the Company shall at all times maintain a Conversion Agent for the Notes. The term “Conversion Agent” includes any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable. (b) The definition of the term “Agent” in Section 1.1 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended, with respect to the Notes, by replacing the phrase “Paying Agent or additional paying agent” with “Paying Agent, additional paying agent, Conversion Agent or additional conversion agent”. Section 4.02 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustee’s Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.8 of the Base Indenture, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder. Section 4.03 Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) Section 2.5 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. (b) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.03: (i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes; (ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and (iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust. -16- The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) or accrued and unpaid interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date. (c) If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. (d) Anything in this Section 4.03 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.03, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts. (e) All references in the Base Indenture to such Section 2.5 shall, with respect to the Notes, be deemed to be references to this Section 4.03(e). Subject to applicable escheatment laws, any money and shares of Common Stock deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officer’s Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. Section 4.04 Reports. (a) The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the SEC, copies of any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (giving effect to -17- any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act or any similar or successor grace period). Any such document or report that the Company files with the SEC via the SEC’s EDGAR system shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.04(a) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall in no event be required to file with, or otherwise provide or disclose to, the Trustee or any Holder any information for which the Company is requesting (assuming such request has not been denied), or have received, confidential treatment from the Securities Exchange Commission. (b) Delivery of the reports and documents described in subsection (a) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officer’s Certificate). Section 4.05 Statements as to Defaults. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 30 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officer’s Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof. ARTICLE 5 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES Section 5.01 Applicability of Article 6 of the Base Indenture. Section 6.1, Section 6.2, Section 6.3, Section 6.6, Section 6.7, Section 6.10, Section 6.13 and Section 6.14 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the Event of Default provisions set forth in this Article 5 shall, with respect to the Notes, supersede in their entirety Section 6.1, Section 6.2, Section 6.3, Section 6.6, Section 6.7, Section 6.10, Section 6.13 and Section 6.14 of the Base Indenture, and all references in the Base Indenture to such Sections and Event of Default provisions therein, as the case may be, shall, with respect to the Notes, be deemed to be references to the corresponding Sections of this Article 5 and the Event of Default provisions set forth therein. Section 5.02 Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an “Event of Default” with respect to the Notes: (a) default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; (b) default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; (c) failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with the Indenture upon exercise of a Holder’s conversion right and such failure continues for five Business Days; -18- (d) failure by the Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 12.01(c) or notice of a specified corporate event in accordance with Section 11.01(b)(ii) or Section 11.01(b)(iii), in each case when due; (e) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 10; (f) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or the Indenture; (g) default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $50,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case after the expiration of any applicable grace period, if such default is not cured or waived or such acceleration is not rescinded within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture; (h) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $50,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, which judgment is not discharged, paid, bonded, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (i) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (j) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days. -19- Section 5.03 Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.02(i) or Section 5.02(j) with respect to the Company), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in the Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 5.02(i) or Section 5.02(j) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable. The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay installments of accrued and unpaid interest upon all Notes and the principal of any and all Notes that shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on overdue installments of accrued and unpaid interest to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, and on such principal at the rate borne by the Notes at such time) and amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.7 of the Base Indenture, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under the Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 5.09, then and in every such case (except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of the Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required or (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes. Section 5.04 Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in the Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, if the Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the -20- Company’s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Base Indenture or Section 4.04(a) of this First Supplemental Indenture shall after the occurrence of such an Event of Default consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (x) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for the first 180-day period during which such Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, beginning on, and including, the date on which such an Event of Default first occurs, and (y) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the next 185-day period during which such Event of Default is continuing beginning on, and including, the 181st day after such Event of Default occurred. If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as the stated interest payable on the Notes. On the 366th day after such Event of Default (if such Event of Default is not cured or waived prior to such 366th day), the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 5.03. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders of Notes in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Company’s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Base Indenture and Section 4.04(a) of this First Supplemental Indenture. In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 5.04 or the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 5.03. In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 365 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent of such election prior to the beginning of such 365-day period the amount of Additional Interest and the date payable. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 5.03. In the absence of such notice, the Trustee shall assume without investigation that no Additional Interest shall be due or become due. Section 5.05 Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 5.02 shall have occurred, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.7 of the Base Indenture and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated. In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of the Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings. -21- Section 5.06 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 5 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid: First, to the payment of all amounts due the Trustee, in each of its capacities under the Indenture, including those under Section 7.7 of the Base Indenture; Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes at such time such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto; Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and accrued and unpaid interest; and Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. Section 5.07 Proceedings by Holders. Section 6.7 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of the Indenture to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: (a) such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided; -22- (b) Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (c) such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense to be incurred therein or thereby; (d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such security or indemnity, shall have failed to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and (e) no direction that is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 5.09, it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of the Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under the Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein) (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 5.07, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture and any provision of any Note, the right of any Holder to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in the Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates against the Company shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. Section 5.08 Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.05, all powers and remedies given by this Article 5 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in the Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 5.07, every power and remedy given by this Article 5 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders. -23- Section 5.09 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences except (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.02, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 9 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 5.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and the Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Section 5.10 Notice of Defaults. Section 7.5 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended with respect to the Notes by inserting immediately prior to the words “the Securities” in the first line thereof the phrase “, or a Default or Event of Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion occurs and is continuing in respect of”. Section 5.11 Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to the Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under the Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 5.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note (including, but not limited to, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 11. ARTICLE 6 CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE Section 6.01 Amendments to Article 7 of the Base Indenture. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in the Base Indenture to “money” shall be deemed, solely with respect to the Notes, to include shares of Common Stock or other Reference Property underlying the Notes. -24- ARTICLE 7 CONCERNING THE HOLDERS Section 7.01 Applicability of Section 2.14.6 of the Base Indenture. Section 2.14.6 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Section 7.02 Action by Holders. Whenever in the Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 8, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action. Section 7.03 Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.1 of the Base Indenture, Section 7.2 of the Base Indenture and Section 8.06 of this First Supplemental Indenture, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Registrar. The record of any Holders’ meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 8.07. Section 7.04 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The second sentence of Section 2.14.5 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. All such payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person, such holder’s right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. -25- Section 7.05 Company-Owned Notes. Notes that are owned as described in Section 2.10 of the Base Indenture that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of such Section 2.10 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officer’s Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.1 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officer’s Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination. Section 7.06 Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 7.02, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in the Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 7.03, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof. ARTICLE 8 HOLDERS’ MEETINGS Section 8.01 Applicability of Section 10.6 of the Base Indenture. Section 10.6 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the provisions set forth in this Article 8 shall, with respect to the Notes, supersede in its entirety Section 10.6 of the Base Indenture. Section 8.02 Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article 8 for any of the following purposes: (a) to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under the Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under the Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 5; -26- (b) to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7 of the Base Indenture; (c) to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.03; or (d) to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of the Indenture or under applicable law. Section 8.03 Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 8.02, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 7.02, shall be mailed to Holders of such Notes at their addresses as they shall appear on the Note Register. Such notice shall also be mailed to the Company. Such notices shall be mailed not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice. Section 8.04 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have mailed the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 8.02, by mailing notice thereof as provided in Section 8.03. Section 8.05 Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel. Section 8.06 Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit. -27- The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 8.04, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 of the Base Indenture and Section 7.05, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.03 or Section 8.04 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice. Section 8.07 Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was mailed as provided in Section 8.03. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be held by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated. Section 8.08 No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article 8 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of the Indenture or of the Notes. -28- ARTICLE 9 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES Section 9.01 Applicability of Article 9 of the Base Indenture. Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the supplemental indenture provisions set forth in Section 9.02 and Section 9.03, respectively, shall, with respect to the Notes, supersede in their entirety Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 of the Base Indenture, and all references in the Base Indenture to such Sections and amendment and waiver provisions therein, as the case may be, shall, with respect to the Notes, be deemed to be references to Section 9.02 and Section 9.03, as applicable, and the supplemental indenture provisions set forth therein. Section 9.02 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company, at the Company’s expense, may, along with the Trustee, from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes: (a) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as evidenced by an Officer’s Certificate); (b) to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under the Indenture pursuant to Article 10; (c) to add guarantees with respect to the Notes; (d) to provide for the issuance of additional Notes; (e) to secure the Notes; (f) to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company pursuant to the Indenture; (g) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect, as confirmed by an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee; (h) in connection with any Common Stock Change Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 11.06; (i) to comply with any requirement of the SEC in connection with the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; (j) to appoint a successor trustee with respect to the Notes; (k) to conform the provisions of the Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the “Description of notes” section of the Prospectus Supplement (as evidenced by an Officer’s Certificate); -29- (l) to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary, including DTC, so long as such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect; (m) to irrevocably elect or eliminate one of the Settlement Methods and/or irrevocably elect a minimum Specified Dollar Amount; or (n) to increase the Conversion Rate as provided the Indenture. Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise. Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 9.02 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 9.03. Section 9.03 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 7) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 7 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company, at the Company’s expense, may, along with the Trustee, from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall: (a) reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment; (b) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest, including any Additional Interest, on any Note; (c) reduce the principal of, or any premium on, or extend the Maturity Date of any Note; (d) make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes; (e) reduce the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Company’s obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise; (f) make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note; -30- (g) change the ranking of the Notes; or (h) make any change in this Article 9 that requires each Holder’s consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 5.03 or Section 5.09; or (i) impair the rights of any Holders to receive payment of principal and interest on such Holder’s Notes on or after the due date therefor or institute a suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Holder’s Notes. Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.4 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. Holders do not need under this Section 9.03 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall send to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture. Section 9.04 Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 9, the Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under the Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of the Indenture for any and all purposes. ARTICLE 10 CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE Section 10.01 Applicability of Article 5 of the Base Indenture. Article 5 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance and lease provisions set forth in this Article 10 shall, with respect to the Notes, supersede in their entirety such Article 5 of the Base Indenture, and all references in the Base Indenture to such Article and the Company successor provisions therein, as the case may be, shall, with respect to the Notes, be deemed to be references to this Article 10 and the consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance and lease provisions set forth in this Article 10, respectively. -31- Section 10.02 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.03, the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to another Person, unless: (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the “Successor Company”), if not the Company, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and the Indenture; and (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under the Indenture. For purposes of this Section 10.02, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another Person. Section 10.03 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and upon the assumption by the Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company, such Successor Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Company’s properties and assets, shall be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in the Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by an Officer of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under the Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of the Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or transfer (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 10 the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this First Supplemental Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 10) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under the Indenture and the Notes. -32- Section 10.04 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee. No such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease shall be effective unless the Trustee shall receive an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and any such assumption and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, complies with the provisions of the Indenture. ARTICLE 11 CONVERSION OF NOTES Section 11.01 Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 11, each Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holder’s option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 11.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding June 1, 2026 and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 11.01(b), on or after June 1, 2026 and prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 125.0031 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 11, the “Conversion Rate”) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of Section 11.02, the “Conversion Obligation”). (b) (i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding June 1, 2026, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any ten consecutive Trading Day period (the “Measurement Period”) in which the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this First Supplemental Indenture. The Company shall provide written notice to the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) of the three independent nationally recognized securities dealers selected by the Company pursuant to the definition of Trading Price, along with appropriate contact information for each. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to determine in the manner above the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price), and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request unless a Holder of at least $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on any Trading Day would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the -33- Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and such Holder requests that the Company request that the Bid Solicitation Agent determine or, if the Company is acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent, requests that the Company determine, the Trading Price of the Notes, at which time the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) to determine or, if the Company is acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall determine, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If (x) the Company is not acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the Company instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, or (y) the Company is acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such determination, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. If, at any time after the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such date, the Company shall so notify the Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, that conversion of the Notes pursuant to this Section 11.01(b)(i) is no longer applicable. (ii) If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding June 1, 2026, the Company elects to: (A) issue to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholders rights plan in connection with the initial adoption by the Company, so long as such rights have not separated from the shares of Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance; or (B) distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Company’s assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company, which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution, -34- then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) at least 25 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution. Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution and (2) the Company’s announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place, in each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time. A Holder may not exercise this right if it participates (other than in the case of a share split or share combination), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described above without having to convert its Notes as if it held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the applicable Conversion Rate multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. (iii) If a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 12.01, or if the Company is a party to a consolidation, merger, binding share exchange, or transfer or lease of all or substantially all of its assets (other than a merger effected solely to change the Company’s jurisdiction of incorporation that does not otherwise constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), in each case, that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding June 1, 2026 and pursuant to which the Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other assets, all or any portion of a Holder’s Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time from or after the effective date of the transaction until 35 Trading Days after such effective date or, if such transaction also constitutes a Fundamental Change, until the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the effective date of such transaction. (iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding June 1, 2026, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2016 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day, as determined by the Company. Section 11.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement upon Conversion. (a) Subject to this Section 11.02, Section 11.03(b) and Section 11.06(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (“Cash Settlement”), shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional shares of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 11.02 (“Physical Settlement”) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional shares of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 11.02 (“Combination Settlement”), at its election, as set forth in this Section 11.02. -35- (i) All conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after June 1, 2026 shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. (ii) Except for any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after June 1, 2026, the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates. (iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or the period described in clause (i) above, as the case may be), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the “Settlement Notice”) of the relevant Settlement Method in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company, through the Conversion Agent, shall deliver such Settlement Notice to converting Holders no later than the close of business on the second Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after June 1, 2026, no later than June 1, 2026). If the Company does not elect a Settlement Method prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall no longer have the right to elect Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement with respect to any conversion on such Conversion Date or during such period, and the Company shall be deemed to have elected Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation, and the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be equal to $1,000. Such Settlement Notice shall specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice shall indicate the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company delivers a Settlement Notice electing Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be converted in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be $1,000. (iv) The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes (the “Settlement Amount”) shall be computed as follows: (A) if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date; (B) if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period; and -36- (C) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period. (v) The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering fractional shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent shall have no responsibility for any such determination. (b) Subject to Section 11.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall (i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 11.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile thereof) (a “Notice of Conversion”) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 11.02(h). The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 11 on the Conversion Date for such conversion. No Notice of Conversion with respect to any Notes may be surrendered by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 12.02. If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered. (c) A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the “Conversion Date”) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set -37- forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 11.03(b) and Section 11.06(a), the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the third Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement, or on the third Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Observation Period, in the case of any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to converting Holders, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver (if applicable) to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holder’s nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in certificate form or in book-entry format, in satisfaction of the Company’s Conversion Obligation. (d) In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company (1) in the case of a Global Note, shall cause the principal balance of a Global Note to be adjusted in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time or (2) in the case of a Physical Note, shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion. (e) If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holder’s name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holder’s name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. (f) Except as provided in Section 11.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 11. (g) Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee. (h) Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below, and the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate to adjust for any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. The Company’s settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or -38- forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close of business on a Regular Record Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive the full amount of interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for conversions after the close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; or (3) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exist at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record at the close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date shall receive the full interest payment due on the Maturity Date regardless of whether their Notes have been converted following such Regular Record Date. (i) The Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion. (j) The Company shall not issue any fractional shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant Conversion Date (or, if such Conversion Date is not a Trading Day, the immediately preceding Trading Day) (in the case of Physical Settlement) or based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (in the case of Combination Settlement). For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has elected Combination Settlement, the full number of shares of Common Stock that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period and any fractional shares of Common Stock remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash. Section 11.03 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes. (a) If the Effective Date of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the “Additional Shares”), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be “in connection -39- with” such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant Notice of Conversion is received by the Conversion Agent from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the 35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the “Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period”). (b) Upon surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(iii), the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 11.02; provided, however, that if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any adjustment for Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation shall be paid to Holders in cash on the third Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders of Notes of the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date. (c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective (the “Effective Date”) and the price (the “Stock Price”) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of Common Stock in the Make-Whole Fundamental Change. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their shares of Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change. (d) The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 11.04. -40- (e) The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 11.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below: Stock Price Effective Date $6.00 $7.00 $8.00 $9.00 $10.00 $15.00 $20.00 $25.00 $30.00 $40.00 $50.00 September 14, 2016 41.6635 33.8372 27.2749 22.4287 18.7376 8.8872 4.8550 2.8282 1.6879 0.5761 0.1347 September 1, 2017 41.6635 34.3245 27.5229 22.5241 18.7343 8.7299 4.7071 2.7125 1.6022 0.5331 0.1186 September 1, 2018 41.6635 34.7279 27.6672 22.5072 18.6168 8.4806 4.4939 2.5504 1.4836 0.4732 0.0926 September 1, 2019 41.6635 35.0129 27.6693 22.3393 18.3479 8.1180 4.2059 2.3401 1.3338 0.4006 0.0630 September 1, 2020 41.6635 35.2705 27.5885 22.0595 17.9537 7.6475 3.8477 2.0865 1.1584 0.3213 0.0351 September 1, 2021 41.6635 35.3236 27.2605 21.5185 17.3008 6.9995 3.3843 1.7724 0.9486 0.2316 0.0101 September 1, 2022 41.6635 34.7555 26.3250 20.4070 16.1253 6.0629 2.7738 1.3852 0.7043 0.1384 0.0000 September 1, 2023 41.6635 33.6340 24.7765 18.6858 14.3773 4.8300 2.0401 0.9553 0.4516 0.0558 0.0000 September 1, 2024 41.6635 31.3432 22.0235 15.8308 11.6179 3.2087 1.2098 0.5277 0.2278 0.0051 0.0000 September 1, 2025 41.6635 27.0796 17.1183 10.9766 7.1713 1.2880 0.4540 0.2043 0.0797 0.0000 0.0000 September 1, 2026 41.6635 17.8540 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 The exact Stock Prices and Effective Dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case: (i) if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in the table, the number of Additional Shares shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year; (ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $50.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate; and (iii) if the Stock Price is less than $6.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 166.6666 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 11.04. (f) Nothing in this Section 11.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 11.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. Section 11.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the shares of Common Stock and solely as a result of holding -41- the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 11.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. (a) If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on the shares of Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable; OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable; and OS’ = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination, as applicable. Any adjustment made under this Section 11.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this Section 11.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. (b) If the Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the shares of Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the shares of Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase of shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the shares of Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: -42- where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date; OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date; X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants. Any increase made under this Section 11.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance. To the extent that the shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If no such rights, options or warrants are issued, or if no such rights, options or warrants are exercised prior to expiration, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred. For purposes of this Section 11.04(b) and for the purpose of Section 11.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of the Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement for such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith. (c) If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected (or will be effected, in accordance -43- with the 1% Provision) pursuant to Section 11.04(a) or Section 11.04(b), (ii) rights issued under a stockholders rights plan (except as set forth below), (iii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 11.04(d) shall apply (or shall apply, in accordance with the 1% Provision), (iv) distributions of Reference Property issued in exchange for the Common Stock in connection with a Common Stock Change Event, and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 11.04(c) shall apply (or shall apply, in accordance with the 1% Provision) (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock of the Company or other securities, the “Distributed Property”), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. Any increase made under the portion of this Section 11.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “FMV” (as defined above) is equal to or greater than “SP0” (as defined above), then, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. If the Board of Directors determines the “FMV” (as defined above) of any distribution for purposes of this Section 11.04(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same period used in computing the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. -44- With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the shares of Common Stock or shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary of the Company or other business units of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a “Spin-Off”), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period; FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the shares of Common Stock applicable to one share of Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.02 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the “Valuation Period”); and MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period. The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, references in the portion of this Section 11.04(c) related to Spin-Offs to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, references in the portion of this Section 11.04(c) related to Spin-Offs to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off and such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day. If the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off is after the 10th Trading Day immediately preceding, and including, the end of any Observation Period in respect of a conversion of Notes, references in the preceding paragraph to 10 Trading Days will be deemed to be replaced, solely in respect of that conversion of Notes, with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for the Spin-Off to, and including, the last Trading Day of such Observation -45- Period. If the distribution constituting the Spin-Off is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. For purposes of this Section 11.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 11.09), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Company’s Capital Stock, including shares of Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (“Trigger Event”): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 11.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 11.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 11.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date hereof, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 11.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. For purposes of Section 11.04(a),Section 11.04(b) and this Section 11.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 11.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of: (A) a dividend or distribution of Common Stock to which Section 11.04(a) is applicable (the “Clause A Distribution”); or (B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 11.04(b) is applicable (the “Clause B Distribution”), -46- then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 11.04(c) is applicable (the “Clause C Distribution”) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 11.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 11.04(a) and Section 11.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the “Ex-Dividend Date” of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be “outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date” within the meaning of Section 11.04(a) or “outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date” within the meaning of Section 11.04(b). (d) If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding any consideration payable in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock. Any increase pursuant to this Section 11.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “C” (as defined above) is equal to or greater than “SP0” (as defined above), then, in lieu -47- of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or distribution. (e) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock (other than an odd-lot tender offer), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: where, CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; CR’ = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company in good faith) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer; OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); OS’ = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and SP’ = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires. -48- The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 11.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references in this Section 11.04(e) with respect to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the date that such tender or exchange offer expires and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references in this Section 11.04(e) with respect to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer and such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day. In addition, if the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires is after the 10th Trading Day immediately preceding, and including, the end of any Observation Period in respect of a conversion of Notes, references in the preceding paragraph to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed to be replaced, solely in respect of that conversion of Notes, with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires to, and including, the last Trading Day of such Observation Period. (f) Notwithstanding this Section 11.04 or any other provision of the Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment for any event (i) becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date; (ii) a Note is to be converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement; (iii) the Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or any Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion (in the case of Combination Settlement) occurs on or after such Ex-Dividend Date or on or before the related Record Date; (iv) the consideration due upon conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or due with respect to such Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement) includes any whole shares of Common Stock; and (v) the Holder of such Note would be treated, on such Record Date, as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock based on an adjusted Conversion Rate that is adjusted for such event on such basis, then, such Conversion Rate adjustment will not be given effect for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or for such Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement). Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were, as of such Record Date, the record owner of such shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and will participate in such event. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, if (x) a Note is to be converted and, as of the Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or as of any Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion (in the case of Combination Settlement), the Record Date or Effective Date for any event that requires an adjustment to the Conversion Rate as described above has occurred but an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for such event has not yet become effective; (y) the consideration due upon such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or due in respect of such Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement) consists of any whole shares of Common -49- Stock; and (z) such shares of Common Stock are not entitled to participate in such event (because they were not held on the related Record Date or otherwise), then, solely for purposes of such conversion, the Company shall, without duplication, give effect to such adjustment on such Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or such Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement). (g) Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities. (h) In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 11.04, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of any exchange on which any of the Company’s securities are then listed, the Company from time to time may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Board of Directors determines that such increase would be in the Company’s best interest. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of any exchange on which any of the Company’s securities are then listed, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. Whenever the Conversion Rate is increased pursuant to either of the preceding two sentences, the Company shall mail to the Holder of each Note at its last address appearing on the Note Register a notice of the increase at least 15 days prior to the date the increased Conversion Rate takes effect, and such notice shall state the increased Conversion Rate and the period during which it will be in effect. (i) Except as described in this Article 11, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted. Without limiting the foregoing, the Conversion Rate shall not be required to be adjusted: (i) upon the issuance of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise; (ii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Company’s securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in Common Stock under any plan; (iii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Company’s Subsidiaries; (iv) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (ii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued; -50- (v) for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more Subsidiaries of the Company as described in Section 11.04(e); (vi) upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an open market share purchase program or other buy-back transaction, including structured or derivative transactions, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the kind described in Section 11.04(e) above; (vii) as a result of a tender offer solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of Common Stock; (viii) solely for a change in the par value of the Common Stock; or (ix) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. (j) All calculations and other determinations under this Article 11 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required under this Article 11 would result in a change of less than 1% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1% to the Conversion Rate, or (ii) the Conversion Date of, or any Trading Day of an Observation Period for any Note; (iii) the date a Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs; and (iv) June 1, 2026. The provisions described in the preceding sentence are referred to herein as the “1% Provision.” (k) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officer’s Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officer’s Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall mail such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder at its last address appearing on the Note Register of the Indenture. (l) For purposes of this Section 11.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on the shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock. -51- Section 11.05 Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of the Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including an Observation Period and the period for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), the Company shall make appropriate adjustments in its good faith judgment to each calculation to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate as provided in Section 11.04 where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective time, Effective Date or expiration date, as the case may be, of the event occurs, at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated. For the avoidance of doubt, the adjustments made pursuant to the foregoing paragraph will be made, solely to the extent the Company determines in its good faith judgment that any such adjustment is necessary, without duplication of any adjustment made Section 11.04. Section 11.06 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. (a) In the case of: (i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), (ii) any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company, (iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company’s Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety, or (iv) any statutory share exchange, in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets, including cash or any combination thereof (any such transaction, a “Common Stock Change Event”), then, at and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, the Company or the successor or acquiring corporation, as the case may be, shall execute a supplemental indenture with the Trustee, without the consent of the Holders, providing that the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Common Stock Change Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the “Reference Property,” with each “unit of Reference Property” meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Common Stock Change Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, the -52- Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 9.02(h) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Common Stock Change Event (A) the Company shall continue to have the right to elect Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement with respect to conversions in accordance with Section 11.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 11.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 11.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have been entitled to receive in such Common Stock Change Event, (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of the kind and amount of Reference Property and (IV) the conditions to conversion pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(iii) and Section 11.01(b)(iv) shall be determined as if each reference to a share of Common Stock were instead a reference to a unit of Reference Property. If the Common Stock Change Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of shareholder election), then (i) the Reference Property will be deemed to be (x) the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of Common Stock that affirmatively make such an election or (y) if no holders of Common Stock affirmatively make such an election, the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the composition of the unit of Reference Property as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination is made. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Common Stock Change Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 11.03), multiplied by the cash price paid per share of Common Stock in such Common Stock Change Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on or before the third Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall not become party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 11.06. Such supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 11 in a manner that the Company shall reasonably deem appropriate to preserve the economic interests of Holders. If, in the case of any Common Stock Change Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Common Stock Change Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to -53- protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Company shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 12. (b) When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 11.06, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or assets that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Common Stock Change Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly mail notice thereof to all Holders. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture. (c) The Company shall not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 11.06. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 11.01 and Section 11.02 prior to the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event. (d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Common Stock Change Events. Section 11.07 Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. (b) The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery of the maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to Section 11.03 and that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement were applicable). (c) The Company further covenants that if at any time the shares of Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will use its reasonable efforts to list and keep listed, so long as the shares of Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. Section 11.08 Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any -54- supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 11.06 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 11.06 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.1 of the Base Indenture, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officer’s Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 11.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 11.01(b) with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 11.01(b). The Trustee shall forward calculations of the Company to any Holder upon the request of such Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be accountable for and make any representation as to the validity or value of any securities or assets issued upon conversion of the Notes. Section 11.09 Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 11.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. -55- Section 11.10 Exchange in Lieu of Conversion. (a) When a Holder surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an “Exchange Election”), direct the Conversion Agent to surrender, on or prior to the second Business Day following the Conversion Date, such Notes to a financial institution designated by the Company for exchange in lieu of conversion. In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the designated institution must agree to timely deliver, in exchange for such Notes, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at its election, that would otherwise be due upon conversion pursuant to Section 11.02 (the “Conversion Consideration”). If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the second Business Day following the relevant Conversion Date, notify the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion that the Company has made the Exchange Election and the Company shall notify the Designated Institution of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration. Any notes exchanged by the Designated Institution shall remain outstanding, subject to applicable Depositary procedures. (b) If the Designated Institution agrees to accept any Notes for exchange but does not timely deliver the related Conversion Consideration, or if such Designated Institution does not accept the Notes for exchange, the Company shall deliver the relevant Conversion Consideration as if the Company had not made an Exchange Election. (c) For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Company’s designation of a Designated Institution pursuant to this Section 11.10 require such institution to accept any Notes for exchange. ARTICLE 12 REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS Section 12.01 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. (a) If a Fundamental Change occurs at any time prior to the Maturity Date, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holder’s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holder’s Notes, or any portion thereof that is equal to minimum denominations of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the “Fundamental Change Repurchase Date”) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 Business Days or more than 35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the “Fundamental Change Repurchase Price”), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 12. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall be subject to postponement by the Company in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law as a result of changes to such applicable law occurring after the date hereof. (b) Repurchases of Notes under this Section 12.01 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon: (i) delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the “Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice”) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Depositary’s procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and -56- (ii) delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee (or, if at any time the Trustee is not serving as the Paying Agent, such corporate office or agency as shall be designated by the Paying Agent), or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the procedures of the Depositary, in each case such delivery being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Notes to be repurchased shall state: (i) in the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase; (ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and (iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and the Indenture; provided, however, that if the Notes are Global Notes, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at such time. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 12.01 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 12.02. The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal thereof. (c) On or before the 20th calendar day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders of Notes and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a notice (the “Fundamental Change Company Notice”) of the occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In the case of Physical -57- Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, such notice shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify: (i) the events causing the Fundamental Change; (ii) the effective date of the Fundamental Change; (iii) the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 12; (iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; (v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; (vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable; (vii) if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of the Fundamental Change; (viii) that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; and (ix) the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes. No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders’ repurchase rights or affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 12.01. At the Company’s request, the Trustee shall give such notice in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 12, and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 12. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to give such notice or repurchase the Notes as described in Section 12.01(c) upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to -58- clause (b) of the definition thereof if (1) such Fundamental Change results in the Notes becoming convertible (pursuant to Section 11.06) into an amount of cash per Note (which is a fixed aggregate amount of cash that is required to be delivered upon conversion under the supplemental indenture for such Fundamental Change, excluding any cash payable as a result of any Settlement Method election or cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) greater than the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (assuming the maximum amount of accrued interest would be payable based on the latest possible Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) and (2) the Company provides timely notice of the Holders’ right to convert their Notes based on such Fundamental Change as described in Section 11.01(b)(iii); provided, that in the event the Company shall not be required to give such notice or repurchase the Notes pursuant to this Section 12.01(e), for purposes of determining the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period, a conversion shall be deemed “in connection with” if the relevant Notice of Conversion is received by the Conversion Agent from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that would have occurred but for the provisions of this Section 12.01(e). (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn. Section 12.02 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice delivered by Holders of Physical Notes may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee (or, if at any time the Trustee is not serving as the Paying Agent, such corporate office or agency as shall be designated by the Paying Agent) in accordance with this Section 12.02 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying: (i) the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which portion must be $1,000 or a multiple thereof; (ii) if Physical Notes have been issued, the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and (iii) the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be $1,000 or a multiple thereof; -59- provided, however, that if the Notes are Global Notes, the notice must comply with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Section 12.03 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The Company will deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.03) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient (as determined by the Company) to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 12.01) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 12.01 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (b) If by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to make payment on all the Notes or portions thereof that are to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn, (i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and (iii) all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and, if applicable, accrued and unpaid interest). (c) Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 12.01, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered. Section 12.04 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws upon Repurchase of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer, the Company will comply with applicable federal and state securities laws so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 12 to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified herein. -60- ARTICLE 13 NO REDEMPTION Section 13.01 No Redemption. Article 3 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to the Maturity Date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Notes. ARTICLE 14 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Section 14.01 Provisions Binding on Company’s Successors. All agreements of the Company in this First Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this First Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. Section 14.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of the Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company. Section 14.03 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (a) Section 10.10 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. (b) THE INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THE INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with the Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. -61- Section 14.04 Legal Holidays. Section 10.7 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay. Section 14.05 No Security Interest Created. Nothing in the Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction. Section 14.06 Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in the Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Indenture. Section 14.07 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this First Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. Section 14.08 Execution in Counterparts. This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original First Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. Section 14.09 Severability. In the event any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Section 14.10 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES) EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Section 14.11 USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to the Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] -62- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Devinder Kumar Name: Devinder Kumar Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: /s/ Maddy Hughes Name: Maddy Hughes Title: Vice President EXHIBIT A [FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] [INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE] [THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.] A-1 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2.125% Convertible Senior Note due 2026 No. [ ] [Initially]1 $[ ] CUSIP No. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Company,” which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]2 [ ]3, or registered assigns, the principal sum [as set forth in the “Schedule of Exchanges of Notes” attached hereto]4 [of $[ ]]5, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $700,000,000 in aggregate at any time (or $805,000,000 if the Underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional Notes in full as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement), in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Depositary, on September 1, 2026, and interest thereon as set forth below. This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 2.125% per year from September 14, 2016, or from the most recent date to which interest had been paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until September 1, 2026. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 1 and September 1, commencing on March 1, 2017, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding February 15 and August 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 5.04 of the within-mentioned First Supplemental Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to Section 5.04, and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. The Company shall pay the principal of and interest on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may 1 Include if a global note. 2 Include if a global note. 3 Include if a physical note. 4 Include if a global note. 5 Include if a physical note. A-2 be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Registrar in respect of the Notes and the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange. Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] A-3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: Name: Title: Dated: TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture. By: Authorized Signatory A-4 [FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2.125% Convertible Senior Note due 2026 This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $700,000,000 (as increased by an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of any additional Notes purchased by the Underwriters pursuant to the exercise of their option to purchase additional Notes as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement) all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 14, 2016 (the “First Supplemental Indenture”), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the “Trustee”), which amends and supplements the Indenture dated as of September 14, 2016 between the Company and the Trustee (the “Base Indenture” and, as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture and from time to time with respect to the Notes, the “Indenture”) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. A-5 No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on, and the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed. The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. The Notes are not subject to redemption through the operation of any sinking fund or otherwise. Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holder’s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holder’s Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. A-6 ABBREVIATIONS The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations: TEN COM = as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act CUST = Custodian TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties JT TEN = joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. A-7 SCHEDULE A6 SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 The initial principal amount of this Global Note is DOLLARS ($[ ]). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made: Date of exchange Amount ofdecrease inprincipalamount of thisGlobal Note Amount ofincrease inprincipalamount of thisGlobal Note Principalamount of thisGlobal Notefollowing suchdecrease orincrease Signature ofauthorizedsignatory ofTrustee orCustodian 6 Include if a global note. A-8 ATTACHMENT 1 [FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION] To: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 600 South 4th Street, 7th Floor Minneapolis, MN 55415 Attention: Bondholder Communications The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 11.02(d) and Section 11.02(e) of the First Supplemental Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. Dated: Signature(s) Signature Guarantee Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if Common Shares are to be issued, or Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. -1- Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder: (Name) (Street Address) (City, State and Zip Code) Please print name and address Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $ ,000 NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number -2- ATTACHMENT 2 [FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE] To: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 600 South 4th Street, 7th Floor Minneapolis, MN 55415 Attention: Bondholder Communications The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the “Company”) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with Section 12.01 of the First Supplemental Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below: Dated: Signature(s) Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $ ,000 NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. -1- EX-5.1 6 d258400dex51.htm EX-5.1 EX-5.1 Exhibit 5.1 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, California 94025 Tel: +1.650.328.4600 Fax: +1.650.463.2600 www.lw.com FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES Barcelona Moscow Beijing Munich Boston New Jersey Brussels New York Century City Orange County Chicago Paris September 14, 2016 Dubai Riyadh Düsseldorf Rome Frankfurt San Diego Hamburg San Francisco Hong Kong Shanghai Houston Silicon Valley London Singapore Los Angeles Tokyo Madrid Washington, D.C. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Milan One AMD Place P.O. Box 3453 Sunnyvale, California 94088 Re: Registration Statement No. 333-213513 on Form S-3; Up to 115,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as special counsel to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), in connection with the issuance of up to 115,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the “Shares”). The Shares are included in a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on September 6, 2016 (Registration No. 333-213513) (as amended, the “Registration Statement”), a base prospectus dated September 6, 2016 (the “Base Prospectus”) and a prospectus supplement dated September 8, 2016 (together with the Base Prospectus, the “Prospectus”), and an underwriting agreement dated September 8, 2016 among the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (the “Underwriting Agreement”). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issue of the Shares. As such counsel, we have examined such matters of fact and questions of law as we have considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates and other assurances of officers of the Company and others as to factual matters without having independently verified such factual matters. We are opining herein as to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), and we express no opinion with respect to any other laws. September 14, 2016 Page 2 Subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Shares have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company, and, when the Shares shall have been duly registered on the books of the transfer agent and registrar therefor in the name or on behalf of the purchasers and have been issued by the Company against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. In rendering the foregoing opinion, we have assumed that the Company will comply with all applicable notice requirements regarding uncertificated shares provided in the DGCL. This opinion is for your benefit in connection with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and may be relied upon by you and by persons entitled to rely upon it pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 14, 2016 and to the reference to our firm in the Prospectus under the heading “Legal Matters.” In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Very truly yours, /s/ Latham & Watkins LLP