Item 8.01 Other EventsOn August 18, 2026, Curtiss-Wright Corporation (the “Company”) entered into a written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The Company implemented this written trading plan in connection with its previously announced share repurchase programs, under which the total amount available for repurchases under current authorizations is $390 million.The trading plan will include purchases in the total amount of $100 million. The number of shares of Company common stock to be purchased on any purchase day will be up to the maximum daily target volume allowable under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. This written trading plan will not be effected before August 18, 2026, and will cease upon full use of the $100 million, which is expected to occur by the end of August 2026. Following completion of this plan, the Company expects to have $290 million in authorization remaining. Adopting a trading plan that satisfies the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 allows a company to repurchase its shares at times when it might otherwise be prevented from doing so due to self-imposed trading blackout periods or pursuant to insider trading laws. A broker selected by the Company will have the authority under the terms and limitations specified in the plan to repurchase shares on the Company’s behalf in accordance with the terms of the plan. After the expiration of the current trading plans, the Company may from time to time enter subsequent trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 to facilitate the repurchase of its common stock pursuant to its share repurchase program.Information regarding share repurchases will be available in the Company’s periodic reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by the applicable rules of the Exchange Act.This report contains forward-looking information, as that term is defined under the Exchange Act, including information regarding purchases by the Company of its common stock pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan. By their nature, forward-looking information and statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, including changes in price and volume and the volatility of the Company’s common stock; adverse developments affecting either or both of prices and trading of exchange-traded securities, including securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange; and unexpected or otherwise unplanned or alternative requirements with respect to the capital investments of the Company. The Company’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2026, as well as our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter, includes information regarding other risk factors and cautionary information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements or information, including those contained in this report.On August 18, 2026, the Company issued a press release announcing the above-described transaction. A copy of the press release is furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated into this Item 8.01 by reference.ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (a) Not applicable. (b) Not applicable. (c) Not applicable. (d) Exhibits. 99.1 Press Release dated August 18, 2026SIGNATUREPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATIONBy: /s/ K. Christopher FarkasK. Christopher FarkasExecutive Vice President andChief Financial OfficerDate: August 19, 2026 EX-99.1 2 ex991_cwxq3261.htm EX-99.1 DocumentNEWS RELEASEFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEContact: Jim Ryan(704) 869-4621jim.ryan@curtisswright.com CURTISS-WRIGHT ANNOUNCES NEW $100 MILLION EXPANSION OF 2026 SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAMDAVIDSON, N.C. – August 18, 2026 -- Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE: CW) today announced a $100 million expansion of its 2026 share repurchase program, which is now expected to yield annual share repurchases of $260 million in 2026.“We are pleased to announce another $100 million expansion of our 2026 repurchase program, which underscores our disciplined approach to long-term value creation for our shareholders,” said Lynn M. Bamford, Chair and CEO of Curtiss-Wright Corporation. “In addition, it reflects our Board of Directors’ continued confidence in Curtiss-Wright’s Pivot to Growth strategy, healthy balance sheet and long-term financial outlook.”Under this new program, the Company will repurchase $100 million in additional shares immediately via a 10b5-1 program. The Company continues to execute on its existing $60 million share repurchase program, initiated in January 2026, which is expected to be completed this year. Upon completion of these programs, the Company will have remaining open repurchase authorization of $290 million.About Curtiss-Wright CorporationCurtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE: CW) is a global integrated business that provides highly engineered products, solutions and services mainly to Aerospace & Defense markets, as well as critical technologies in demanding Commercial Nuclear Power, Process and Industrial markets. We leverage a workforce of approximately 9,200 highly skilled employees who develop, design and build what we believe are the best engineered solutions to the markets we serve. Building on the heritage of Glenn Curtiss and the Wright brothers, Curtiss-Wright has a long tradition of providing innovative solutions through trusted customer relationships. For more information, visit www.curtisswright.com.